So I 'm getting rid of my manga .	0
And about half of the stuff in my room .	0
But I 'd like to know what I should do with it .	0
Should I try to get a store to buy it from me ?	0
Sell it on Ebay ?	0
I took a picture of all the manga I 'm giving up .	0
Please , if you could help me out and recommend what I should do ... that would be amazinga cutid1img name='cutid1-end '	0
lol lollol lolgirlyyy	0
haha i know !	0
i 'm such a girly girl.hey have you seen that facebook message i sent you ?	0
You might check EBay , but I kinda doubt you 'll get much for it there .	0
Otherwise ... find a shoujo fan that wants to buy it off of you ?	0
Getting rid of manga is a tricky business , because nowhere around here that I know of buys books .	1
That was a lot of words to say , I dunno .	0
ah well thanks !	0
i will attempt to ebay it .	0
try ebay , otherwise try richer friends .	0
ebay it shall be then !	0
thanks ^_^andlt ; 3	0
To all who think that I have room in the dome at Eclipse .	0
I do n't so make sure you have your own sleeping arrangements such as a tent .	0
it 's my hope not to see any children ... but if i do , i have a few other ways to scare them !	0
! hehehehehe ...	0
well I think there is a childrens area !	0
me ?	0
No , I do n't like you ! KIDDING !	0
Of course you can stay in my tent !	0
sweeeet	0
Cool Cool thanks , I would have been fine with people staying with me but no one asked so there for I have made arrangements with others to stay with me , and I do n't want to be crowded .	0
makes sense captain !	0
tent-owners should be asked , it 's the right thing to do !	1
Also you should be making sure supplies are taken care of before as there is only so much time left	1
Fez and I tryed all weekend with no luck .	0
is there a good time to call you ?	0
I 'm bringing my gigantic tent , and so far it 's just me in there ... if anyone is desperate , and I like them ... : )	0
This is completely unrelated , but I 'd like you to know that whenever I hear Miss You by the Stones , I think of you .	0
*shakes fist* It was just on the radio .	0
Damn you and that song !	0
I am going to steal your kitty and then all of your toys !	0
muwahahahhhathat is all*saRa*	0
i might be weasling in ... my hu-band snores like a motherfucker ! !	1
HAHA !	0
We can make all the snoring guys sleep in the dome , and the ( comparatively ) quiet girls can share the condo !	0
If I wear a skirt I can sneak in with the cute girls , right ?	0
nah man you can come and stay with me .	0
but brin the skirt .	0
can i come too ... watching is fun ! !	0
and this might be funny too !	0
I do n't see why not .	0
But we 'll kick you out if you snore .	0
sleep with your head towards the door , you might scare random children if they walk by the tent and it is open !	1
blockquoteblockquote*she photoshops out a gap in her chipped tootha gap that shecan whistle through*/blockquote/blockquote	0
Sorry , I can always delete the post if you 'd prefer ? I have mostly seen established writers names in the community , definitely , but everyone starts out as unestablished somewhere - some of the best writing has to be the words no-one ever reads .	1
I did n't want this to lie undiscovered by most , it deserves to be read and have each curve of it 's lettering embraced .	1
ah , no need to delete , it was just my modesty flaring up a little there .	0
i 'm fine now .	0
I 'm glad .	0
Someone posted this in a poetry community with a link to your journal , which is how I came to be here .	0
I love your writing and I love your music , and LJ etiquette is a tricky business and mostly I am terrible at navigating it , when I go commenting in someone 's journal I feel like the awkward gangly 13 year old at a school dance .	0
but maybe add each other ? maybe ?	0
i do n't have much time to read here so i 'm awful picky about who i add .	0
however your journal seems like a good thing , so why not .	0
: ) and thankyou , i 'm glad you like my stuff .	0
i was too awkward to even attend the school dances , so do n't feel bad .	1
I 'm the same , I 'm sure ( in fact , certain ) that I 've developed a reputation as some stuck-up internet-bitch because I never add anyone back , I completely understand , and NOW since everyone 's seen that post , you 're going to get eleventy billion people asking you to add them , and I 'm just glad I beat them all to the punch ; ) I 'm Lindsay , and I live on an island at the bottom of the world .	1
new zealand ?	0
i 'm raoul and i live on the west coast of canada .	0
ha , Australia : ) Both an island and a continent ( icontinents are just islands that are harder to leave/i ) .	0
this is so powerful.do you mind if i add you ?	0
i do n't mind .	0
!	0
for you , etc .	0
i think it 's gorgeous as is .	0
love tooth picking up through .	0
do n't forget to send me poems .	0
or anything .	0
troubles @ gmail.com and take care of yourself , boy .	0
do not kill bird , etc .	0
happy birthday , crackpot .	0
mwah	0
a _blankI do hope you do n't mind.I found your journal a while ago , and this little fragment of yours has kept itself in my thoughts since the first time I read it .	0
i 'm glad the fragment stuck in your thoughts , it has been stuck in my head for a while too .	0
i kinda have mixed feelings about being posted in theysaid ... it is a very sweet compliment and i like to reach more readers , but i also feel that theysaid posts mostly established writers , and i 'm not sure if i quite measure up ?	1
anyways , its ok.. if no one has a problem with it , its really nothing to complain about .	0
The first is a parody of the old Hinterland Who 's Who ( Canadian posters will get this one ) It even sounds like the guy who used to narrate them .	0
Now I 'm sure many of you have seen this one ... If you have n't , you should .	1
It 's Justin Timberlake 's `` My Dick in a Box '' Fucking funny .	0
 width= '' 425 '' height= '' 350 '' param name= '' movie '' value= '' src= '' type= '' application/x-shockwave-flash '' width= '' 425 '' height= '' 350 '' allowScriptAccess= '' never '' /embed/Enjoy !	0
The spider one was fabulous !	0
I am so sharing that with absolutely everyone .	0
The other one , also hilarious .	0
Although , The Husband made me watch it before we left ( one of his co-workers showed it to him ) and I spent the entire Virginia trip turning to him and going `` Wait , what is it again ? ''	0
and watching him flouder , because he was trying not to laugh so that his grandmother would n't get curious .	0
Although , knowing his grandmother , she would have found it hilarious .	0
*hugs* thanks for the morning funnies !	0
`` For more information on the Crack Spiders bitch , please contact the Gov't of Canada '' LOLOL .	0
High humor , I tell ya ! Yeah , that Dick in a Box video 's been around for a while , but it 's still pretty darn funny .	0
I work in a very conservative office , and I was humming that today .	0
One of my co-workers wanted to know what I was humming .	0
I downplayed it by saying `` oh , just a little Justin Timberlake ''	0
Crack Spider !	0
*laughs arse off*Thank you , that made the perfect cap to my evening .	0
I , too , will be sharing it w/ everyone I know : )	0
I KNOW ! ! !	0
I laughed my arse off !	0
Same with the stoned spider who did n't build a web - he built a hammock and lay in the sun all day ... .Glad you enjoyed it ! Rai	0
AAAHAHAHH OMG Dick in a Box is awesome .	0
The steps killed me , `` 1 .	0
Cut a hole in the box .	0
Put your junk in that box .	0
Have her open the box . ''	0
Oh God .	0
I swear there were tears .	0
Ooh I love you for posting this : )	0
AAnd I just watched the Spider one .	0
Yeah , sending that one to *everyone* I know .	0
Thank you : )	0
I remember stumbling across this a couple of weeks ago ... First my jaw fell open , and then I laughed so hard I woke the bird AND the husband ! I think this is seriously one of the funniest things SNL has ever done ! Glad you thought it was as funny as I did .	0
when buying laundry detergent at the store , be sure that its actually detergent , and not fabric softener .	1
the a generation a style=width : 50px ; vertical-align : middle ; and a style=width : 50px ; vertical-align : middle ; bottles are the same color .	0
i 'm used to a style=width : 50px ; vertical-align : middle ; and a style=width : 50px ; vertical-align : middle ; .	0
i made the mistake when buying it off the shelf , and got two bottles at the time.. and then never really looked at it closely again until i had had bought emmore/em .	0
doh !	0
at least there were no ill effects , other than my clothes being nice and soft : )	0
but did your clothes get clean ?	0
sure !	0
: ) ... they at least had a good rinse	0
if you 're really into the green scene , you might as well forgo a too .	0
nah : )	0
Long story short , our cat was having trouble breathing the other night .	1
It was like she tried to throw up , but could n't , and then she was breathing through her mouth really , really heavily .	0
I was scared for her.If I was still employed at ShopRite , I would have called them , told them I was n't coming in and taking my cat to the vet , and they 'd just have to live without me .	0
But no , new job was not all that sympathetic to my plight .	0
So I made an appointment for later in the afternoon.So before four o'clock I took her in and the very nice vet doctor took some pretty digital x-rays which revealed she had fluid around her lungs .	0
Before 6 o'clock , Brian and I had to go in and say goodbye , because there is no treatment for feline leukemia .	0
She died in human arms .	0
*cries .	0
*That 's so , so sad.I love you .	0
*hugs you tight*	0
[ hugs ] I know what this is like , Simba died of this .	1
I 'm so sorry hon .	0
*hugs* im so sorry hun .	0
that 's what happened to Milo too .	0
that really sucks .	0
: :hugs : : i am so sorry hon.. i know how bad this hurts : (	1
*Snuggles and pets* .. I know it hurts , hon .	1
I went through the same thing with Cocoa , my ex-girlfriend 's cat .	0
Yeah , she was n't mine .	0
But ..	0
I lived with her and we enjoyed each other 's company so much she felt like mine .	0
I 'm sorry you had to go through this , and I 'm sorry she did as well .	0
At least , in the end , she knew that people cared and that she was not alone .	0
I do n't really pray , but I 'll give her little kitty soul a few words later before bed .	0
More like Henry Hatsworth and the Best Game Ever !	0
professor layton is more fun , man	1
That 's an odd comparison , and totally not true for me AT ALL .	0
Sidescrolling platformer + Tetris Attack andgt ; andgt ; andgt ; andgt ; andgt ; andgt ; andgt ; andgt ; pretty much most games in existence .	0
no way , prof layton has puzzles and stuff	0
I 'm still not quite sure why you 're comparing two completely dissimilar games .	0
Do you frequently compare Mario to L4D ?	0
would anyone be interested in custom made wooden and/or acrylic dildos carved and finished by me and ill be giving a few away for reviews .	0
I know i just had this idea and I thought either im nuts or its a good idea .	0
yes I still have two spots left for review and testing email me your preferences length girth wood or acrylic the wood are coated with a food safe finish that is also a moister barrier and any other preferences you have im trying to learn what makes a great dildo so input is very important right now .	1
My email is gaffanon at gmail	0
yes I am Ill need some info on what you would like and an adress to send it to then when you do get it ill need a review like dislikes Im learning about what makes one appealing to women	1
please email me direct at sextrumental @ gmail.com .	0
I 'd be happy to give you my address and discuss the item .	1
I 'm really excited .	0
After I try it and report back , can I keep it ?	0
; - ) please screen or delete this comment .	0
of course	0
I thought you fell off the face of the planet !	1
Long time ! I think you mentioned this idea to me a few years ago , and yes , I do want one !	0
Haha !	0
I 'll be a guinea pig for the project .	0
oh my god i havent seen you in ages either how is everything my goddess just shoot me an email to my adress gaffanon @ gmail and as soon as its ready ill send it right out for testing	0
ok im making them what diameter and ribbing general shape do you want ?	0
any particular wood ?	0
Sorry it took me so long to reply , I hope you have n't given up on me .	0
I do n't have a preference as far as what kind of wood .	0
As far as size it does n't have to be any bigger than 7 or 8 inches , and for the diameter , maybe one and a half inches ?	0
It is hard to say ... as long as it is n't toooo big !	0
Hehe !	0
e-mail me : vitamincsaint @ gmail.com	0
i would never give up on you .	0
ok i almost have one ready for you email me your address dont leave it here email me at gaffanon at gmail	0
Acrylic or glass would be nice .	0
ok what size diameter and length ect ?	0
Still taking requests ?	0
back home after the trip to take the inlaws home.the car tossed the serpentine belt in hartford ct.no injuries except the pocketbook and the car.extremely tired .	0
{ { { hugs } } }	0
Glad you 're back home , safe and sound ; even if slightly poorer .	0
Rest , dearheart .	0
Speaking as a former FEAD ( Front end accessory Drive ) engineer , the belt was either worn or a pulley gave out .	1
I can think of other reasons but they are less likely.It should not have done much damage to the car , but putting it back on takes some practice .	0
We suspect that it was a combination of things - an oil leak , and old belt .it 's fixable - we stopped right away .	0
*snugs* glad no one was hurt .	0
So I was reminded I never showed you all my new apartment , so i made a silly cribs style video to show it off .	0
Please dont mind the fact that I havent shaved my face in a while.brbrlj-embed id= '' 3 '' /	0
Hahah , I miss you.ps - if it were n't for all of this `` magic happening , '' I 'd swear you were on the verge of coming out of the closet .	0
It 's not teal walls , but a zebra shower curtain makes me just as sad for you .	0
you have a little compartment for soft drink cans.. that 's hell cool ! and your room is really neat : P	0
ohhhh the magic .	0
ily you are awesome .	0
i love how angry you sound throughout the whole thing .	0
dammit you get a place to yourself .	0
be fuckin happy !	0
font size= '' -2 '' Very nice .	0
My kitchen is bigger than your kitchen .	0
: p/font	0
prove it lets see a cribs post from you !	0
yes aim .	0
but i do n't see you on .	0
popjam99 im on i dont see you on	0
i do n't see you either !	0
lol .	0
Wow , I just noticed you 're from Philly !	0
I went there this spring and am going again soon , wooo !	0
for some rave party .	0
Your apartment is lovely , I LOVE the bandw theme especially the shower curtain.. all in all makes me sad I have the dreaded GIRL ROOMMATE , we have a totally hideous interior .	0
Next time , next time.Anyway yeah , you 're added again !	0
*hugs*I loved it .	0
haha to where the magic happens .	0
haha hugs back at you	0
your mom bought a zebra for bandw , that 's funny .	0
place is cute ! do you live near carrie bradshaw ?	0
haha	0
actually i do , i checked wikipedia she lives on 73rd Street on the east side i live on East 77th Street on the east side .	0
`` the infamous fridge ... mmmm beer ... mmmm soda '' you 're fuckin ' awesome .	1
`` This is where the poop happens '' bahahahaI like the apartment .	0
i love that part too !	0
eep !	0
omgz I love my silly little Jewish man -continues hugging the screen- So where do I get to sleep when I come see you ? andlt ; 333333333333333333333333333333333	0
to anyone who overheard my drunken ramblings last night , i am not really the king of the universe .	0
great my entire belief system is crumbling in front of my very eyes .	0
thanks noah .	0
i apologize .	0
if i am ever king i 'll make it up to you .	0
after you left i put you on the top 5 hot guys list .	0
wow no shit ?	0
thanks .	0
But at least you got a bottle of vodka out of it.-deuce	0
oh man i forgot about that !	0
thanks again	0
as far as you know anyway .	0
prince of time and space maybe ...	0
I liked your house .	0
It is nice .	0
I hope we are somewhat neighbors soon .	1
andlt ; 3	0
thanks .	0
good luck finding a place .	0
hahaha nerd	0
true .	0
I am such a dork for this but my new FAVORITE show on VH1 is ... ..Scott Baio is 45 and Still Single .	1
This is one of the greatest shows ever made .	0
That is all from my complete dorkiness .	0
We watched that show for about a minute , and we just could n't stand it .	0
They really need to rename it Scott Baio is 45 and a Douchebag , or just Scott Baio is a Douchebag .	1
That would be good.Rock of Love on the other hand is made of win .	0
That is why I love the show ... because he is a complete asshole .	1
It is like a never ending High Fidelity .	0
I on the other hand ca n't stand the ____ of Love shows .	1
Some of the snakiest people on the face of the planet ... .	0
I see the icon and all I can hear isDun dun dun dun dunDun dun dun dun dunDundun dun ... BEEEEEEPDOOOO IT !	0
Yes you are a dork !	0
 width=425 height=350param movie value= type=application/x-shockwave-flash width=425 height=350 allowScriptAccess=never/embed/bri poured the bodyglitter on cause i never hesitateeee	0
hahahaha !	0
on the way to the club we pass the dairy queen , you stop cause you know how much it means to me !	0
the crowd says haaahahaaa when i do my scissor kicks.she is my freakin ' hero .	1
that is great .	0
font size=1I am really worried .	1
I have been feeling very sick in the last year or so , and lately it has gotten worse .	0
I have bad pains in my back and feel tired a lot .	0
I also have been bruising so easily and have a few weird patchy bruises that wont go away .	0
I think I am probably anemic or have leukemia , I fit a lot of the symptoms for both .	1
I not sure I just know something is n't right .	0
I have been getting depressed out of no where some days .	0
I do n't know what to do .	0
I can not go to a doctor , I do not have insurance.Right now I am work in the stock room at Victoria 's Secret and it makes me feel even worse , lifting boxes all the time and climbing around on the latter .	0
I want to try to get a job at Starbucks because they give coverage to all their employees .	1
My job at Victoria 's is n't going well other than that too though , I work with a bunch of rude girls who only have mean things to say .	1
I also get treated badly by my managers .	0
Let 's hope I am okay and it is just stress./font/	0
You 're a vitamin !	0
Your mom 's a vitamin !	0
hey doll baby .	0
i know how you feel .	1
when i was pregnant i had to stop working in the back room of janie and jack ( fancy children 's clothing store ) because bending down to put things on lower shelves and then standing back up made me so dizzy .	0
it does sound like anemia to me , i had it a lot before i started taking vitimins .	1
set an alarm on your phone or take them with your birth control to help you remember.i 'm doing pretty well .	0
clementine is almost 14 months old and she 's so amazing .	1
exceedingly brilliant and beautiful , and such a sweetheart .	0
i got a cannon rebel xt for christmas so i 've been taking SO many pictures of her .	0
she loves blythes , too !	0
xoxo .	0
I did n't know you had a baby , I guess it has been a while since we spoke .	1
I hope you are doing great !	0
I 'm sure you 're fine , sweetie .	0
andlt ; 3	0
hey hotstuff , take her to a free clinic .	0
you 're near a big city right ?	0
I assume there 's one she can visit .	0
I bet she 'd heart you for it.-K	0
Calling my boyfriend hotstuff in my journal ?	0
I 've killed for less .	0
andhearts ;	0
andlt ; 3	0
hello lady ( this is Renee ) I feel you on this one ... it sounds to me like you have an iron deficiency .	1
I say this only because I had the same problem - bruise easily , tired , mopey - I suggest taking a multi-vitamin if you do n't already.feel better !	0
I bought her Centrum A-Zinc but she always forgets to take it !	0
Thank you so much , I need to remember to take my vitamins !	0
I am getting a DS for Christmas.I have admitted to myself that I am getting this system almost entirely for Kingdom Hearts.And I have decided I am okay with that.Next : saving up for the newly-cheaper PS3 .	0
Damn you , Final Fantasy XIII .	0
Damn you to ihell./i	0
Indeed.If I ever get children , I 'll never buy a game console for them .	0
They might end up equally sad .	0
My younger brother does n't have a console , and he 's ten .	0
And I have too many .	0
Other than expensive , gaming is also addicting .	1
Not necessarily in the sense of playing games 24/7 , but you keep buying more consoles .	0
More consoles means you buy more games for them .	0
No kidding .	0
o_o The main reason I have n't gotten into World of Warcraft or things similar ?	0
I iknow/i I would get badly hooked .	0
I 'm bad enough as it is .	0
Square is bad for our wallet .	0
Yes .	0
Yes they are .	0
D : You know , I wish I either hated Kingdom Hearts , or that Final Fantasy XII had sucked so I could just swear off either series .	0
I 'd spend less money that way .	0
Another series would show up anyway .	0
XDBut I get your point .	0
I got a PSP for a reason .	0
: / I already had a DS so ...	0
I was mildly ashamed of myself when I got the PSP for my birthday , but I 've decided I am not even islightly/i ashamed of getting the DS .	0
XD I got a used one for $ 50 .	0
Really , I ca n't be ashamed of that ; my entire Christmas present is going to cost less than $ 100 .	0
I was also mildly ashamed when I got my PSP .	0
At least my DS could be justified with more awesome games .	0
EXACTLY .	0
D : I can name at least three games I want for the DS.At the time I got the PSP , I only wanted it for Dissidia .	0
Same here .	0
For the DS I now have more games , but yeah .	0
Same point .	0
We 're a pair of sad game-a-holics .	0
one of my goals this summer is to try one new vegetable a week .	0
and also , because i am reading Animal , Vegetable , Miracle i am trying to be more of a locavorethe new veggie this week is napa cabbage .	0
what i did with it was make this recipe for a sort of casserole/stratta ( i made this up , here is the recipe ) bottom layer of casserole dish : ... grated parsnips with nutmug ( maybe about 6 little ones ) middle layer : maple sausage ( brown it first ) top layer : a savory bread pudding/stratta with the green onions and napa cabbage ( 3 or 4 cups crumbled bread , 2 cups whole milk , 1/2 cup butter , 4 eggs , salt , pepper , sauted onions and cabbage..add as much as you want ) bake for 1 hour at 350	0
it was seriously delicious !	1
sweet and savory : ) and every single ingredient in it was local !	0
( except the spices and flour to make the bread )	0
i 'd love to hear about what other ones you try and what you think of them !	0
That sounds tasty !	0
we LOVE napa cabbage up in here and use it in just about everything ... stir fry , rice dishes , baked in the oven covered with garlic , ginger and soy sauce , cooked with ground turkey , tasty raw ( much more than plain cabbage ) so good in a salad ... just some ideas !	0
Sitting in services near Harrow while Bruce gets directions .	0
I 'm a little impatient at the minute because he 's tried to blame me for his failure to take a turn he saw clearly marked .	1
Our first real contretemps of the trip , though .	0
Home tomorrow .	0
That made me giggle ; it 's so familiar .	1
Mr .	1
Mochi is like Bruce , not much for looking at road signs if they do n't tell him what he thinks they should .	0
So , we 're spending a couple of months in Wales , with Mr. Mochi working at Cardiff Uni .	0
We 'd spent a long weekend in the north and were heading south back to Cardiff by the quickest route , a straight shot down the .	0
He 'd looked at the map before we set out and insisted he knew where he was going .	0
I decided it was n't worth fighting about , so I had a nap .	0
When I woke up , I looked out the window at a road sign and asked him why we were in England .	0
He 's let me navigate ever since.Traveling together is a serious test of a relationship .	0
Considering how big a trip you two just took , and your illness along the way ?	0
Only having one real argument is a huge success .	1
Good for you .	0
Good to hear your voice .	0
I 've been meaning to write , wondering what 's up .	0
Driving unfamiliar roads , on the wrong side , would lead me to forget to look at signs s well .	0
Hurrah for both of you !	0
a border=1/	0
wonderful outfit .	1
i love how the colors compliment your skintone to a T. you are a true beauty and i like how you seem so confident and comfortable .	0
FANTASTIC .	0
You are so nice , thank you .	0
hahahahahaha I fucking love Maury.I want to be on this show so bad .	0
I 'm gon na round up some girlfriends and get us on this show so we can reveal secretsAnyone up for confessing they used to be a man ?	0
whats the URL ?	0
we should all go in there and bitch back LOL	0
a	0
That 's crossing a line.I can understand not always agreeing with every parenting choice , cuz I mean , come on , there are so many options .	1
But calling your baby ugly and calling you a slut because of things like having fake boobs , oh my fucking god they 're pathetic .	1
they just really all have nothing else better to do , i bet half of those fucks dont even HAVE kids , and they dont know what it 's like to be a parent .	0
Those people are just bored , no life-having idiots who have nothing better than to bitch about someone elses life.. Maybe it makes them feel good to snark on people and bitch about their choice of lifestyle.. it really makes me mad	0
I know , it 's irritating .	0
It 's hard to resist arguing with them , but they 're all so fucking stupid that it does n't even get you anywhere .	0
oh oh me me me !	0
I 'm a sex addict who 'd do it with my clone I 'll make the world open their eyes to see that 's just masterbation and not being gay ! ~*PIT*~	0
dirty dirty dirty girl .	0
; ) I love it !	0
I went out to the capri for dinner tonight ... they had really fucking strange food like Bison ... so James ordered that ...	0
I took a bite and had to stop myself from yelling oh my god that tastes like pussyseriously ... it tastes like thatThought I 'd share ~*PIT*~	0
hahaha see you 're so dirty.I hate the taste of Bison .	1
It 's so disgusting .	0
I love how the Capri buildings are so fucking run down and ugly outside but the shit inside the hotel is actually really nice .	0
It 's kinda weird .	0
Oh hunny , i AM a man.. i just tuck it real welll LOL	0
lol ...	0
Oh I know , I found it that one time : D	0
No , but I 'll go on as your lesbian lover while YOU confess that you used to be a man , and then reveal that I 'm okay with that , because I 'm trisexual , and I 'm secretly doing your kitty when you 're not looking .	0
hahahahahaha YESSSSSSSSS ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	0
Hey , then maybe they would add us to prego_drama LMAO ... cuz they are ranting about me AGAIN AHHAHA !	0
They 're obsessed with you.I think they want to marry you .	0
omg , someone said what an ugly baby I have in there ... how mental can you get ?	0
I dropped off the resume . They said they are n't really hiring till next month or something .	0
T_T Sads .	1
But they were nice .	0
Hopefully I 'll get a job there within a month .	0
If not ... bleh .	0
Jordan and I chilled at the mall for a while .	0
I was going to bring cookies to Cody cause Ktown totally ditched me today .	1
... the cookies were for her : ( .	0
I did n't have time to drop by Pandamp ; T today .	0
Maybe tomorrow before I meet Matt at Phibbs.I 'm not very amused lately ... just in general .	0
I 'm really just fed up with the crappy pay and the crappy hours and working weekends ... and I 'm sick of getting ditched .	0
So , please HMV ... hire me and give me some good shifts and a good wage D : I 'll probably drop off a resume at Super Video just for shits and giggles ... and money.Ta.Nina .	0
*HUGS* It 'll get better little one .	0
I know how you feel , I just graduated and finished my job so I 'm an unemployed nonstudent bum with no aims in life .	1
*sigh* oh well : P Just stay positive Miss Queegy !	0
Yay , nonstudent bums !	0
: D I intend to be one someday .	0
I do n't have any real life goals either .	0
I just want money D : Are you any closer to being a film god ?	0
*sends XTREME hmv luck* many luck to YOU !	0
a target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' a target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' a target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' a target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' a target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' a target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket ''	0
So so so so pretty !	0
Thank you !	0
Nice - and not the easiest place to be photographed , is it ?	0
You have great color .	0
Thank you and no it is not haha	0
Have I mentioned how gorgeous you are ? Consider it mentioned .	0
you look stunning !	0
gorgeous photographs .	0
Maybe , Possibly , Assuming this girl isnt a liar ... On Sunday I should/hope/really want to be picking this little girl up : img wont be in that dress though .	0
yuck.I really hope this girl isnt ( for some unknown psychotic reason ) dragging me along for nothing.SO CUTE/	0
: | @ dogs being in clothes ... especially dresses.BUT AWWW , that pom is sooo adorable .	0
i know .	0
i will never ever dress that puppy .	0
wait , ill dress it up in my love .	0
yay ! !	0
congrats lady !	0
Omg adorable ! ! ! !	0
Is that a Pomeranian ?	0
yes !	0
this girl better not flake on mebecause I WANT THAT PUPPY !	1
i wanted to get a pomeranian and shave it into a lion !	0
not even kidding , i will be shaving this pup all the time .	1
because im obsessed with the little bears .	0
looooook how cute ! !	0
! img /	0
so fucking cute .	0
SO CUTE !	0
DSLKFJDSLKFJLSDKJF	0
An update !	0
It 's only been ... *cough*four months*cough* .	0
I have n't exactly been gone , but I have been pretty busy .	0
I think Ro described it best in her comment to my last post ... at first it was all about my vacation and I just never have recovered .	0
So basically in the past four months I spent two weeks in Egypt , passed a couple of work milestones , sandwiched in a number of holiday celebrations and asked my new girlfriend to move in with me .	0
*g* All in all I feel quite accomplished .	1
I 'm determined to be a bit less of a fandom slacker , though , so today seemed like a good day for the first new update .	1
I 'll try not to bore you with too many details .	0
*glomps*I was just thinking about you the other day !	0
Are you going to share pictures , at the very least ?	0
Hey !	0
*hugs* I feel like I 've completely lost track of a lot of stuff lately .	0
Hopefully I 'll catch up at some point ! Somebody else was asking me about pictures recently too .	0
I 'll have to see if I ca n't do something about sharing some .	0
It would be nice if you 're able to update this more than once every four months .	0
*gg* Really .	0
: P I 'll see what I can do .	0
Hi !	0
Diane here .	0
Adding you as a friend .	0
Hope you do n't mind !	0
Lovely meeting you and tea-ing it up !	0
Hey there !	0
( finally catching up ) I really enjoyed meeting you , and of course I do n't mind !	0
In fact , I 'm going to add you too .	0
Hey !	0
: : : waves : : : Glad to see you !	0
Sounds like you 've been busy with good things .	0
Yay !	0
Hi !	0
*waves back* Thanks !	0
I guess I 'd have to say yes , it 's been pretty good .	0
Maybe a bit too busy to appreciate it as well as I 'd like , but definitely good .	0
Woo !	0
Rubykins !	0
*glomps**is dork*andhearts ; P.S .	0
: Hopefully I 'll get to talk to you tonight again !	0
*g**smooches*	0
*giggles* Hi , sweetie !	0
I did get to talk to you a little !	0
Hope I get to talk to you again soon !	0
*smooches*	0
Hey , good to hear from you !	0
: :waves wildly : : Glad you 're not , like , holed up in a cave somewhere , eating beetles .	0
Or Beatles .	0
*waves back* Hi there !	0
Thanks !	0
*grins* I 'm quite happy to still be loitering quietly in my little corner of the modern world .	0
*grins wickedly* *smooches*	0
*blushes* *grins back*	0
a title= '' friends only2 by hero of the mind , on Flickr '' width= '' 724 '' height= '' 1024 '' alt= '' friends only2 '' /	0
yay rocking !	0
Ditch span class='ljuser ljuser-name_jonico ' lj : user='jonico ' style='white-space : nowrap ; text-decoration : line-through ; 'a href= ' src= ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' and add bme/b : PI bhad/b to have this name .	0
a src= '' class='ljuser ljuser-name_segmented ' lj : user='segmented ' style='white-space : nowrap ; text-decoration : line-through ; 'a href= ' src= ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='16 ' height='16 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' - A unique and positive rating communityBe rated on whatever you want - from looks , body , eyes , hair to personality , photography , writing , and much much more./	0
Love your features , Love your posts.Whats better is that your an Aussie ... .yay ; )	0
thanks : ) aussies are awesome ! are you aussie ?	0
U betcha , hence the name `` Sandgroper '' Sandgroper = West Australians : )	0
i might seem semi retarded but whats with the sandgroper reference ?	0
im a west aussie too and i may seem spastic for not getting it ? ?	0
? perth rocks ... . sometimes .	0
Add me ?	0
yes yes i shall add : )	0
font face= '' times '' may i add you ? /font	0
so what good deal can you give me ?	0
yes yes of course !	0
i dont use my journal much anymore tho : ( so im kind of boring ... ill add you back ?	0
You read my adiml ( under user blackframes54 ) add me under mozabilly54 as that 's the journal i post at .	0
I had to use another to post on adiml because the dumb moderator banned me because I stood up for someone that was getting bullied about their day on there .	0
Long , lame , dumb story .	0
hi hi ... . thats crazy ... nice to know you have balls.. us chicks with balls are the great ones !	0
YAY ... im excited to be your friend ... i like your hair because ive just cut my bangs again and we look sameish : D	1
Yea I need bang trim like hella .	0
You on myspace too ?	0
Add me if you are myspace.com/blackframes54	0
i just grabbed a pair of scissors and stuck into it i cant afford hair dressers at the moment .	0
im on myspace ... ill try and find you and add you : D	0
Hi , I saw your post in the selfportrait community .	0
Your journal seems to be interesting and i would like to add you , if this is ok ?	0
Go for gold dude i dont mind : ) my journal is basically just full of word vomit : )	0
saw your LJ post ... yay for Aussies ; )	0
i 'm not sure if i blame him , considering i 'm not very responsive to some of his entries .	1
when you 're so far away it 's just so fucking hard to imagine yourself into someone 's life .	0
so i never know what to say , so for the sake of not insulting anybody i do n't say anything at all ... i 'm amazed that there are people with journals out there who have n't culled me sooner .	1
i refuse to cull them because they fascinate me , and somehow still put up with my shit on their friends page daily .	1
especially the musicians ... still a bit saddening , though ...	0
it was soo good to see you on NYEI ca n't remember everything except breastices , a really ferally pronounced NIHAU and random stuff .	0
see you at mitsquana 's tomorrow nite then ? ?	0
I do n't know if I can , I have to work on sunday ...	1
i have n't culled you , just have a new journal : P so add this one	0
img evening - a blanknatalia fabia 's hooker fashion show in hollywood ! a cutid1img name='cutid1-end'i have n't slept very much this week .	0
i am getting a bit delirious .	1
good night !	0
haha , nice	0
undressed ladies !	0
yay !	0
heeeey , i didnt get your message in time !	0
i was already having dinner with ara and he did n't want to go .	0
oh well .	0
call me on saturday !	0
we 're moving lacma to sunday !	0
my other friend ana has a monthly girly get-together themed with crafts and alcohol .	0
this week is 'mittens and mai-tais ' that is in pasadena on sunday night .	0
let me know if you 're interested ... i have n't been to one yet , but they seem fun from the photos !	0
( lots of art girls )	0
Nothing to say here , really .	0
I just wanted to post from my new laptop .	0
Oh , and I guess I should note that I broke my long-standing refusal to name my electronics ( when I am not raging at them ) and have named it Axl .	0
Since ragenamed the desktop Raven .	0
*dork* You know , so everyone knows what I 'm talking about when I say things like `` brb , getting on Axl . `` So .	0
Yep , that 's it .	0
WELL , UH .	0
I AM GOING TO NAME MY SEWING MACHINE , SO I CA N'T SAY MUCH , REALLY .	1
You should name it something extremely bMANLY/b 8D	0
I WAS THINKING OF DOING THAT .	0
BUT I HAVE SO MANY OPTIONS !	0
If you were into Blazblue , I 'd suggest Bang Shishigami .	0
That 's what iI'd/i name imy/i sewing machine , in the hypothetical event that I actually had one .	0
LULZ .	0
xD I think I might go with HONDAM .	0
Because nothing says manly like a giant mecha form of a legendary Japanese warrior .	0
Right ?	0
Right ?	0
Hahahaha TOTALLY RIGHT .	0
smallOh , SenBasa./small ... OH HEY THAT REMINDS ME I TOTALLY HAD A DREAM ABOUT SENBASA LAST NIGHT .	0
I remember nothing about it , though , other than the fact that it was involved in some way .	0
*orz*span class='ljedittime'emEdited at 2009-12-28 12:20 pm UTC/em/span	0
SenBasa .	0
Do n't expect historical accuracy .	0
DO expect mecha warriors , motorhorses and MANLY GAR.Awesome !	0
I 've been Crazy before in a dream .	0
Which was , as you might expect , ikinda/i twisted .	0
I 'm deleting a bunch of journals because : a ) I already read your bulletins on cryspace	0
b ) I do n't have time to read most of your posts cause I do n't have the net yet at home	1
so most of my 1 hour a week of net time at the library consists of me skimming over people talking about how they bought a pair of shoes or hate something ... Do n't get offended cause it 's the internet dude , who cares ?	0
But ... But ... I 'm pregnant with your babyyyyyyyyyyyyyy ! ! ! ! !	0
*wild uncontrollable sobbing*	0
AM ISTILL OKIF NOT ILL CRY IN YOUR FACE IN MELBOURNE	0
ha , totally .	0
im probably about to delete my whole account on here anyway .	0
you never post locked posts anyway ; )	0
I am electro boy : P	0
I had a dream last night that I got extremely angry at David Geffen for giving his $ 1.3 million campaign contribution to Barack Obama instead of to me .	0
I 'd vote for you !	0
Geffen is donating millions to a terrorist ? !	0
Man , sure ca n't trust those homos .	0
So ... what 're people doing for Thanksgiving ?	0
We 're visiting dad and marlene for just a little bit , then going to Brian 's family , since his sister 's moving to germany with her husband Then friday we go to NH to visit mom .	1
Oh , and Eryk Brian has to close saturday night but I should be able to come on saturday .	0
The last few years my sisters and I have been up at the crack of dawn to do the Thanksgiving Day Race ... a 10K around the downtown Cinci and NKY area , so we 'll be doing that again .	1
We 've always had dinner at my parents ' house ... so my mom is cooking for a cast of hundreds ( I 'm bring the mashed potatoes this year ! )	1
and my dad will be ( or so I hear ) going down to Atlanta to be with his brother 's family , who usually flies up here for us .	0
oh yeah , you mentioned the race ... that 's so un-thanksgivingish !	0
Being active and junkI 'm trying to think of something to bring to Brian 's family that could be prepared the night before ... but I 'm blanking on anything besides a pie or some such , and I need new baking bowls	0
Yay ! ! !	0
It 's been what , 18 months since we accidentally ran into each other downtown ? Sadly , most of my Tanglewood buddies are travelling this weekend , so there will not be as big of a recruitment session as I had hoped .	0
*sadface*	0
it 's been quite a while ! Is there something I can bring ?	0
pOne would think the hairstyle a rocks in Metalocalypse would n't actually exist , right ?	0
AND YET.psmallNot quite so bad as Pickles , but a White Boy Dred Mullet ?	0
SRSLY ?	0
Why could I not have taken a pic w/o him looking me dead in the face ? /smallpemsmallPosted via a	0
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUi would have killed to see that .	0
Epic does not even begin to describe it .	0
Especially since the guy would have been ridic attractive had he JUST SHAVED HIS HEAD OMG .	0
That person deserves to be photographed .	1
Tell him it 's because he looks so awesome .	0
I wish I 'd thought of that when I saw him .	0
There I was , picking up green beans for tomorrow and EPIC FAIL HAIR .	0
I will admit that I was gobsmacked for a good minute .	0
Even my white boy dreads were not that bad .	0
This post has been moved to span class='ljuser ljuser-name_penguinplease ' lj : user='penguinplease ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= '' ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='16 ' height='16 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' my new icon journal .	0
Lovely .	0
Grabbing some Enchanted and Kiera icons .	0
Thanks for sharing !	0
grabbed # 24 , will credit when used !	0
Snagging 17-20 , gorgeous : )	0
Love the enchanted ones : D	0
Those are gorgeous ! ! !	0
WOW !	0
OMG ! ! !	0
REMINGTON STEELE ! ! !	0
I love Laura and her hats !	0
Hi my name is JohannaWOW those icons are fantastic.I want to know if you`ll upload the screen captures of your latest Remington Steele Icons , because they are so beautiful.bye	0
love the enchanted icons .	0
Grabbed a few Enchanted icons !	0
Will credit if used .	0
# 17 is lovely !	0
I like your coloring ( : Taking Keira 's .	0
YOUR ICONS ARE BEAUTIFULL ! Im so Friending you : )	0
Wow your icons look more beautiful every time !	0
Even if you did have to icon Laura 's ugly bangs haha.Yay for people keeping the Steele fandom alive !	0
I 'm immersed in rewatching S3 right now , so it seems like my life is Steele : ) .	1
RS ! !	0
Beautiful ! ! !	0
These are stunning !	0
Your coloring is amazingg .	0
Taking some Enchanted , will credit !	0
They 're so beautiful !	0
From the lovely and melty span class='ljuser ljuser-name_cleanskies ' lj : user='cleanskies ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= '' ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' comes this link to a a leather Cthulhu doll , now available on a id= '' 1 '' > Do n't miss the last photo in the eBay listing .	0
It 'll stay with you ...	0
That 's gorgeous , in a creepy sort of way .	0
If only I had the funds to swaste/s invest in sgeeky collectables/s modern art .	0
great !	0
It 's the poses that did me up !	0
Remember those investment fund commercials : iSooner or later , everyone retires./i	0
Man , yesterday was pretty awful .	1
Having my sister say that my Canterbury kids are lovely people but she does n't know what I 'm doing with them both confirms that I 'm right and not crazy , but also makes me feel a bit sad .	0
Same for her asking who the fuck I 'm supposed to be when I 'm with them .	0
Ach , not like any of this will matter in six days andlt ; 3 andlt ; 3 andlt ; 3	0
You home at the end of the week then ?	0
I 'm driving back from Canterbury on tuesday if you want a lift ?	0
That 's really nice but I 'm working this week and ca n't back out .	0
Meghan and I have decided to get rid of cable tv because it 's a total time suck , and it 's making us stupid .	0
So , goodbye Rock of Love , ANTM , everything on Animal Planet and the History Channel .	0
I will miss you terribly ( until you come out on DVD ) .	0
yeah , we are considering cutting ours too .	0
maybe in a month or two , once I ease into the idea .	0
Do it !	1
Then I wo n't be the only one left out of the celebrity gossip/tv show discussions .	0
: ) I just know I 'll be so much more productive than I am now .	1
Turning on the tv and spacing out is waaaayyyyy to easy .	0
kudos !	0
good call.i would love to get rid of our cable ... celeste would never go for it though .	0
Maybe you could put the cable box in her room ?	0
Then you would n't have to go in on the cable bill since you 're not watching .	0
yea I do n't know why I pay for cable .	1
almost never watch it .	0
but i do love my project runway .	0
That 's definitely another show I 'll miss .	0
But I figure I can always rent it on DVD .	0
I 'm pretty pleased about how things are going since i 've been back .	1
Working alot and producing pretty pictures .	0
Hanging out with good friends more ... . ( kimmy we need to set a date !	0
) , and ive actually got hired at two places , i declined sephora because i really did n't feel like it would do much for me .	0
But i will be oncall at hottopic , hey its extra cash for christmas !	0
Why not , it could be interesting , and i dont have to commit to a specific schedual , just incase i have a shoot .	0
But im still trying to get a job with MAC , and that is looking bleak ... .we will see.Well friday is my birthday ... .im not really sure whats going on ... .probably not too much .	0
But Halloween night , we might be doing somthing ... City on Saturday , I will probably wear another costume i made .	0
Happy early birthday !	0
Thanks !	0
Dont you have one coming up ?	0
yeah it was Monday	0
happybirthday !	0
i work at marshall fields and i have a friend who is a trainer for mac ... .maybe i could introduce you to him ... .also ... i wanted to go to city club this weekend ... but ummm ... my friends dont want to go : (	0
That would be cool , im planning on going saturday night , you should go !	0
What mac Counter are you looking to work at .	0
I currently work for Mac .	0
I have worked at three different counters and now I am working at somerset .	0
Mac is not an easy company to get into for some reason or another ... .	0
When I got a promotion to go down to Toledo..	0
I was already hired in as the assistant.. plus the manager and they had one other person hired already before the counter opened ... We had well over 100 apllicants ... We only hired 1 person ... .	0
If you tell me where you want to work maybe I could call around for you .	0
I ca n't promis anything .	0
When you applied did you bring a portfolio and resume.. that sometimes helps ... sometimes does n't .	0
Im looking to work at any mac i can get my hands on !	0
: ) 12 oaks , summerset , fairlane ... i live in garden city , but i will gladly travel an hour to get there !	0
I did bring my portfolio to the one at fairlane mall , and 12 oaks , the one at failane didnt even look , i dont think they were managers , but i did leave a business card that displays photos on it , also i did at 12 oaks , and she loved the portfolio and told me that someone would call me for an `` open call '' but no one ever did : ( so i called summerset to make sure they have my application , but the girl didnt check , just said , well someone should call you for an open call ... so im not sure what to do ... .thanks for the help , its amazing that you are willing to do that ... i just want to work there so bad , and it sucks when it feels so far fetched , im not really sure what steps i need to take next ( in order to work there ) Sorry so long !	0
Thats it !	0
I 've officially missed my flight !	0
In a week and a bits time I get my finger prints taken and then Im on the road to staying here proper !	0
These last few weeks have been hella tough on me ;	1
I 've been dabbling in bouts of depression regarding the games industry and current 3D techniques ; its such a hard job to master !	0
But generally there has n't been much to talk about , thus my lack of posts .	0
I 've been helping Erika alot with her huge amounts of work shes take on , and generally settling in .	0
Im still the ever vigilant house wife , been cleaning up the house really well too ; did you know that the down stairs bathroom had inever been cleaned properly ? /i , well it is now bitch 's !	0
I do have to say , that despite my issues with learning more 3D , I 've been having a hella of a fun time being social , both on the internet and off it .	0
ANd that Portland is LOVELY in the snow ( even if the wind does remind me of the Borro chill .	0
) I 'll try and get back into the posting habbit .	0
Oh man that realllly does n't appeal to me .	0
But thank you for the neato idea =D	0
Speaking of cleaning , I was watching one of my favorite BBC shows today ( How Clean is Your House ? )	0
and happened to see the most horrific flat I 've seen in my life .	0
Be wary as this can make weak stomaches weaker ...	1
Thank god your not dealing with this :  width=425 height=344	0
Oh man I LOVE those ladys .	1
Their so HARSH .	0
I ca n't believe some of the places they visit tho ; Hoarders baffle my mind .	1
I LOVE them too !	0
Perhaps we should have a BBC reality tv afternoon ?	0
ha ...	0
Wow , that was really horrifying .	0
It made me feel better about the state of my apartment .	1
I have a lot of clutter , but it 's all clothes and comic books .	0
Congratulations on missing your flight , Matt !	0
Post more , please .	0
Its shows like this that have turned me into a clean freak !	0
But yeah , you ca n't feel too dirty when there are horrors like that out there .	0
Do it !	0
Post it !	0
Clean it !	0
Rock it ! I 'm sorry to hear that keeping up with technological progression is being especially irritating .	0
It sounds incredibly complicated and scary .	0
Scary enough to compel you to clean the bathroom ! I owe you an email , Sir ! Expect it sometime when I 'm less exhausted and tipsy.Criiiiptic .	0
Bop it !	0
=D Technological progression in the games industry is a wonderful thing , but when you do n't live and breath the job , it becomes hella hard to stay positive and on track .	0
Do n't worry about the e-mail ;	1
I was only dropping you a-line because I figured you were bed ridden and in need of social e-mails =D Get some rest and feel better !	0
Hey Matt , Perhaps you could look into doing 3D for motion graphics - titles for TV News , promos etc .	0
It 's a lot simpler than character animation , but there 's a real knowledge gap with editors and motion-graphics guys .	0
What you might think is straightforward , is pretty advanced for us .	1
Download a couple of tutorials on After Effects and/or Apple Shake and/or Discreet Combustion and start ringing local TV and post-production facilities enquiring about Graphics vacancies .	0
It 's not especially fulfilling work , but might fill the gap until you find something in Games .	0
So , we had to evacuate our town on Monday .	0
I 'm one of the lucky ones who had a place to go that is n't on fire and is not a random shelter .	0
This is just unreal .	0
I 'm pretty numb right now and trying to stay that way so I do n't have a meltdown .	0
We 're staying with my boyfriend 's parents , hoping the fire does n't reach their town .	0
The only good thing about this whole nightmare is seeing how loving and selfless people are being towards the victims of this fire .	0
I feel so bad for the firefighters - some of them are running on 70 hours straight without sleep , and are dealing with temperatures in the 90 's , not counting the heat from the fires !	1
Fuck !	0
I actually miss going to work - my job is located in another fire location , so who knows when they 'll let us back in .	1
Reading my LJ is the only normalcy in my life right now - so thank you flist and all you LJ sweethearts and fic writers who are helping me not loose my mind - I love and appreciate you beyond the telling of it .	0
*clings back* It 's a miracle to return with my house still standing !	0
*kneels down and kisses ash covered ground* Thanks for the hug !	0
i live on the Westside and work in OC , so I 've been hearing from peeps their travails.Best of luck on your home !	0
*fingers crossed*	0
Thank you hon !	0
I swear if the winds had n't died down it would have burned all the way to the ocean .	0
We 're now safely home and unbelievably grateful .	0
I hope everything turns out well .	0
*hugs*	0
Hey hon , I hope things are much improved for you , and I hope you 're having a great birthday .	0
*snugs*	0
*Hugs* I 'm glad you 're safe !	0
*clings* Thank you hon !	0
We 're back home and the house is still standing !	0
[ hugs hard ]	0
*squishes* We made it !	0
Firemen rule !	0
I 'm keeping you in my thoughts and prayers .	0
andhearts ;	0
Thank you sweetheart !	0
It must have worked !	0
Good to be home - despite the layer of fine ash on every surface in the house .	0
Oh , good !	0
I 'm glad you all are safe .	0
andlt ; 333	0
*clings*	0
this looks fucking disgusting , does anyone have any first or second hand experience with such a hideous invention ? lj-embed id=2 /ll in one makeup .	0
thats right , greasy orange powder that is foundation , concealer , highlighter , eyeshadow , bronzer and lip color all in one .	0
one shade for all skin tones !	0
SPEW .	0
I like how it does n't even look like they are putting the product on their faces .	0
minus when they do the solo shots , the woman putting that stuff on with those little eyeshadow sponge applicators gives me the creeps every time i watch it	0
so , if you decided to use this a foudnation , blush , eyeshadow , and wahtever else they recommend it for ... your entire face will be the same shade of orange , and there will be no definition or contour , IE the POINT of blush eyeshadow ?	0
it 'll just be an even color of orange ?	0
that 's so great i want THAT LOOK FOR ME.you find all the jems .	0
hahhaha i know , it seriously grosses me out , late bday present yeah ? ? ? ? ?	0
? also i love how its like HUNDREDS AND THOUSANDS OF WOMEN HAVE ALREADY MADE THE CHOICE , yeah , hundreds and thousands of women who all happen to be models for stock photosCONVINCING .	0
hahahaha i bet you can use it as mascara and eyeliner too	0
Yeah we have Thin Lizzy here I HATE the informercials !	0
And they have these terrible annoying radio ads for it too .	0
why is it called thin lizzy ?	0
does it make you lose weight as well ? ? ? ?	0
Probably , it seems to do pretty much everything else so why the hell not !	0
thin lizzy is also a body lotion and slimming body bronzer ! i wonder what else you could use it for ... shower gel ?	0
tooth paste ? ? ? ?	0
try and find out !	0
I love the thin lizzy ads.. or should I say THUN LUZZIES ! it amazes me how stupid some women can be .	0
HAHAHAHAHAHA oh man ... There is another brand of this shit , it 's called Thin Lizzy , you might have seen it on late night infomercials or something if you are an infomercial junkie like me .	1
Basically it is the same premise ( I think minus the greasiness and lip-colour claims ) , like a 5-in-1 powder .	0
And yes , first hand experience talking here ... At the Easter Show this year , I was walking through some shed thing waiting for the fashion parade to start , when I was accosted by a brush-wielding lady who proceeded to tell me how horribly pale I was looking , and how I needed colour ( please keep in mind I did have a full face of makeup on ) , and before I knew it she 'd planted me in a chair and started attacking me with her yucky blue brushes .	0
Fast forward 5 minutes and she proudly held the mirror up to my face so I could admire her handiwork.My face was a lovely shade of orange , a shade so flat , so one-dimensional , and so beautiful it really needed to be seen to be believed .	0
I told the lady Oh that 's lovely , I might come back later and then ran far , far away to another makeup stand where they did my makeup in a far less orange manner .	0
I think the word spew sums it up perfectly , to be honest .	1
Yuck .	0
It defies all common sense and is generally shit - sure , if you want to go out looking like you 've dumped your head in a bowl of cheezels then this makeup is your best friend , but really , not my thing .	0
have n't you ever seen those ads for thin lizzy ?	0
Two words : gross , and rip-off .	1
Seriously , all skin tones ?	0
Did anybody else notice how conspicuously tan all the women were in that commercial ?	0
hahahahaha what is wrong with you , why would you let ANYONE at the easter show do your makeup ?	0
its probably makeup meant for farm animalsall in one cosmetic for murray grey cattle more like ithows your skin tone doing these days anyway , you look remarkably tanned in your icon : )	0
Hahahahaha maybe the atmosphere got to me or something , I have no idea what I was thinking , and everything happened so quickly I felt powerless to stop her .	1
Ordinarily I do n't let anyone else near my face with makeup .	0
But hey , if I did n't do all these dumb things , then we 'd have no idea just how laughably bad all this informercial shit really is .	0
At least the experience taught me that I should always always carry my makeup bag with me ...	0
But I wo n't be letting that kind of disaster happen again anyways .	0
My skin tone does look darker now than it did before	1
hey , I think because I do n't have the black hair anymore my skin does n't look so ghostly pale in comparison ?	0
Something like that .	0
And I think the white top in the photo makes my skin look slightly darker in comparison too .	0
Mind you I still get told how white I am , so it 's not like I am really that tanned or anything , I 'm just off-white instead of white-white .	0
Haha .	0
font size=1when they said one shade for all skin tones I do n't think they took into consideration albinosTHOSE RACISTS/font/	1
It helps put a bit of colour on their faces !	0
man , fuck albinos !	0
those guys get all the benefits already , theyre not paying 80 $ every 6 weeks to bleach their hair to a lovely shade off off white , and investing more in shampoos , conditioners and masks to nurse it back to health , FUCK those guys ! all in one albino makeup : talcam powder lolololol	1
$ 40 ? !	0
Plus it makes everyone so ishimmery/i .	0
it 's like magic powder !	0
Mother Nature : pain in the ass , or super-hot MILF ?	0
Neither .	1
She 's just one of those moms who wears the mom jeans while trucking her kids to soccer and ballet .	0
Oh , and she always complains to her husband about how she does n't even know who she is anymore and he spends too much time at the office and is he cheating on her with his secretary .	0
Oh wait , that was me .	0
Heheh ... damn , they should really go into couples ' therapy .	1
They used to be so in love .	0
milf !	0
milf !	0
milf ! my innocent little flower-y thing .	0
Ha , got ta love the anonymous post .	0
PHY 453 MODERN PHYSICS I : INTRO QUANTUM PHYSICS PHY 336K CLASSICAL DYNAMICS PHY 108 INTRODUCTION TO RESEARCH M 362K PROBABILITYANS 301M INTRODUCTION TO BUDDHISMPHL 318K INTRO TO POLITICAL PHILOSOPHY i 'm going to drop either buddism or political philosophy .	0
which should i take ?	0
omg i am complete intrigued .	0
i want to take those classes .	0
but not for grades and i might not take the tests .	0
font color= '' 006600 '' hey ryan , get back on the ball with this updating business .	0
i miss your journal./font	0
awwww .	0
thanks claire .	0
its just that math is robbing my mind at the moment.short update : - i 'm a nerd .	0
i have to study and finals are going to be hard.- my dad is afraid i am turning buddhist just because i signed up for that class- i 'm about to go get some lunch and then to the library .	0
i 'll call you to see if you want to be studdy buddies : - )	0
take intro to buddhism ! !	0
do it do it ! last semester i took ans 301 ( intro to asian religions ) w/ brereton and tho it has nothing to do w/ any of my mjors i LOVED it .	0
the prof was awesome and the material was really really interesting ( at least to me ) plus politlca philosophy ?	0
BAH !	0
you should take a 'how to get out of your own ass because you are so far up it you ca n't see out ' course .	0
poindexter .	0
play nice .	0
we ca n't all be languid .	0
i do n't not understandin ' your mind-speak .	0
buh-duh .	0
The political philosophy class sucks I hear .	0
They have a long excerpt from Foucault 's Discipline and Punish and they do n't read it .	0
That 's inexcusably criminal .	0
font color= '' ff00cc '' are you minoring in philosophy ? /font	0
if you are in the college of natural sciences , you ca n't minor in anything .	0
you can only get double majors , and no , i 'm not double majoring .	0
i 'm just enjoying philosophy while it counts for a classics/fine arts credit .	0
Actually , an intro to Taoism would be a great match with your quantum physics class , if available .	1
Barring that , I would first go with your instincts based on your knowledge ( direct or by reputation ) of the philosophy professors teaching those classes if you want to choose between the two .	0
Barring a clear choice based on teachers , however , you might want to save Buddhism for a later part of your undergraduate career .	0
Your preference for rationalism will be severely challenged depending on how the professor approaches the subject . ( Good call on dropping one of them , though .	1
Do n't try more than 5 classes at a time , especially if one or more of them is a lab class .	0
You end up working too hard , burning yourself out , and your knowledge level for all classes goes down . )	0
img alt= every day I drive past the murder house and wonder if the new tenants know.and I wonder if the tub was replaced.img	0
I remember reading that the acid didnt work out as well as she would have hoped .	0
she got the idea from being a chemical expert in the army , but apparently the training and expertise didnt delve far enough into body disposal .	0
I cant even imagine what the medical examiner had to face when they showed up .	0
and I also remember that at first I assumed the husband who got killed was the guy she was fighting over .	0
nope ... he just happened to be married to the wrong woman , who was the intended victim .	0
his wife and Ivette were fighting over a totally different guy .	0
so let that be a lesson ... if youre gon na cheat on your husband , do it with a guy who doesnt also have an insane homicidal stalker .	0
ya , I cant believe she did it in the first place , and then that she wandered around with the baby and then confessed !	0
and I havent seen anything on the internet posted since the army took over her prosecution and made her disappear .	0
I figure she is either spending the rest of her life in a dungeon or she 's been dishonorably discharged and released .	1
I wonder if dismembering the bodies into smaller portions would have helped .	0
That and placing each one of the portions into individual containers ( ones that the acid would n't eat through ) as opposed to the victim 's ( ? )	0
bathtub , lol.Moral of the story : Do not piss off crazy people who are fully capable of murder .	0
Uhhhh .	0
so wait , you seriously dont think she 's hot ? I once dated someone who looked a lot like her , and she was probably just about as crazy .	0
she had a real Lifetime movie of the week vibe .	0
I think it is seriously messed up that you think about it .	0
it happened right down the street from me , halfway to my friend 's place , and I see people coming and going there all the time .	0
how am I supposed to just forget it happened ?	0
it would be kind of hard to not wonder if the new tenants know what went on there .	1
up the street in the other direction there 's a house where some hired killer unsuccessfully tried to burn the body of the woman who lived there .	0
that was so long ago I dont even know how many years it 's been , but I remember that pretty well too .	0
I guess I 'm not desensitized enough to just forget about people being murdered in my neighborhood .	1
I think you misunderstand what I am saying .	0
I think it is messed up that you would sexualize a murderer .	0
all of the deeply disturbing , ridiculous , and seemingly incongruent aspects of her life make her irresistible .	0
subject says it all.Only ... .we know 0 choices are left .	0
She probably should have planned ahead and bought that muriatic acid way beforehand ( that and get rid of the receipt ) .	0
But that is assuming they are n't going to trace purchases of that kind of material back that far .	0
I wonder how well that acid bath worked , anyway ?	0
Did they ever say ? Still , it 's her own stupid fault for telling that person HEY !	0
I totally took this baby from a couple I just murdered the fuck out of.She gets an A for effort , either way .	0
alt= '' '' /Typical breakfast at Polli Talu : porridge , keefir , honey , jam , whole bread , green tea . Mmmmm ! a name= '' cutid1 '' alt= '' '' / ... and just on top of the kitchen , the little house-in-a-tree office , where I went to say hello once or twice a week !	0
alt= '' '' /My anti-mosquito princess alt= '' '' /A view from my alt= '' '' /lj-embed id= '' 85 '' /strongLihula/ alt= '' '' /Weird abandoned alt= '' '' / alt= '' '' /Kolmteist - Treize - alt= '' '' /Two alt= '' '' /In a second hand alt= '' '' /strongWork-in-progress/strongBookPirat bear waiting to be alt= '' '' /Beebi and his portrait , while the other ones just wait in line very alt= '' '' / alt= '' '' / alt= '' '' /Triinu ! ! !	0
I was so jealous of her Estonian Song festival andquot ; Lauluvandauml ; ljakandquot ; shirt ...	0
I went looking in Tallinn but could n't find one ; __ : alt= '' '' ndnbsp ; Ma tunnen sinust puudust Triinu ! ! !	0
alt= '' '' ndnbsp ; a name='cutid1-end '	0
you are so amazing !	0
This is lovely ... I would never want to leave !	1
Where do you live ?	0
This seems like an interesting place .	0
I live in Montreal , Quebec .	0
Those are pictures of my trip to Estonia in July .	0
More to come !	0
AHHHHH beebi is wonderful .	0
reminds me of the caterpillar made from baby dolls .	0
Nice to see the rain !	0
What a lot of work you did , and you had a creative time and made up new dolls !	0
Graet , it seems you got the most out of it.We are still in France , making a book at the moment and then going on to a theatre project in Finland , but we do expect to be back in Montreal for a few days about mid January .	0
See you then ... Sam and Katah	0
You did alot of creations ! !	0
wow.. and so inventive.. the space really gave you some creative space.. A studio away from things does help so much .	0
vraiment super ! so were the mosquitos as bad as you thought ?	0
i was mostly scared of ticks , because it can carry the Lyme disease .	0
i got one tick on the right side of my ribcage , and it 's so small that i just took it off with my nails and that was it .	0
and i had this big mosquito net around my bed , so i was safe !	0
i posted these on my facebook in an album called HELLA IPHONE 3G , AND WHAT ?	0
but i dont know if anyone else got the joke ... img IPHONE img	0
for sure thought it was a bar of soap	0
YEA BEST BELIEVE IT AINT	0
font size=1I do n't think I get the joke but I DO get thatYOUS A SEXY BITCH/font/	0
the joke is that i am not actually this serious about owning an iphone ! ! !	0
you are the cutest girl ever !	0
awww i bet you say that to all the cutest girls ever ! ! !	0
Ahhh I want to get an iPHone when I come back .	0
Are you tied down to some horribly expensive 5 year plan or something now ? Also you look adorable , obviously andlt ; 3	0
BABE I FINALLY FINALLY ( about a month ago actually ) GOT THE PARCEL .	0
THANK YOU SOOOOOOOO MUCH XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXno seriously my plan is AMAZING .	1
99 $ ( call plan ) + $ 14.99 ( phone ) + $ 7 ( insurance ) x 2 years for unlimited calls + texts , + 1gig of internet .	0
pretty amazing .	0
i am now the annoying person on a peak hour train going are you serious ? ?	0
are you serious ? ? ?	0
oh mah gawdd u r serious ? ? ? ? ? ?	0
for the whole trip .	0
hell yea .	0
p.s .	0
optus	0
I want to make a book about you .	0
oh , your eyelashes !	0
andlt ; 3 : D	0
it would be shit	0
You MUST tell me how you get your hair to stay that big all the time !	0
Every time I tease mine , it is flat by the time I get to the club .	0
Boo !	0
You and your impeccable style , hair , face , everything .	0
Hmph !	0
babe pretty much the deciding factor between beauty and beast is the hairspray you use .	0
the most rock solid shit i have found so far is actually reasonably cheap too- its FAT HAIR 0 CALORIES by samy .	0
its in a tall red bottle thats a knock off of BIG SEXY HAIR .	0
basically you just need to look for the most ridiculous named big hair hairspray you can and it more than likely will keep your hair in place all night.also- try teasing twice/thrice on clean hair .	0
if your hair is dirty ( and unteased ) spray some dry shampoo through it first , then try teasing two or three times .	0
i alternate between a tooth comb and a big muhfuggin brush , and mainly tease my roots .	0
spray them with fat hair ( its got a consistency similar to toffee in the way that its fucking sticky when wet but will dry to a crisp ) and then leave it set for a minute or two , electricuted stylez .	0
THEN push your hair down carefully with either a wide toothed brush/comb or even your fingers cause that shit seriously turns your hair into hard candy.then evenly spray your hairstyle all over to set it in place .	0
another trick is your actual haircut .	1
mine is really thinned out ( less weight ) my top layers are pretty short , so they dont have long ends holdin them down .	0
hope that helped ?	0
p.s .	0
big sexy hair gives amazing volume but shit hold , so youre better off with teasing the hell out of your hair and spraying it with some hardcore holding shit .	1
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx	0
couldnt live without them !	0
your hair flower thingie is fabulous .	0
haahah its just a bunch of fake flowers i found lying around my room i decided to stick in my hairz	0
Fuuuck I want to marry you and your hair.andhearts ;	0
DEN FUKN DO IT U POOF	0
lol	0
lollercoaster	0
ba growing clerical sex abuse scandals in the Roman Catholic Church are proof that the Devil is at work inside the Vatican , according to the Holy See 's chief exorcist./bNo point snarking this , really , is there ?	1
Seems to me , if it 's 1 ) , he 's not serving his cause by going public with it .	0
If it 's 2 ) , well , yeah .	0
I think it 's 2 ) .	0
Either 2 ) , or he 's being quoted out of context .	0
Or maybe it 's 3 ) Dudeman , at 85 , is confronted by the fact that many of the people who serve the same Holy Mother Church , people he knows , quite possibly , people in whom a great deal of trust has been placed , have engaged in a massive , heinous conspiracy .	1
To stave off heart-attack-inducing shock , he pretty much has to find evidence that it was something larger than the people involved , and thus has to turn emhimself/em 'round the bend to live with himself .	0
I could see that .	0
I could see 3 , certainly , but I do n't think there is a massive heinous conspiracy going on .	1
If you get a lot of people performing the same actions to cover up their fuck-ups , it tends to look like a conspiracy .	0
Sort of like cashiers robbing the till ; if you found that such filching was widespread and was covered by individual managers and executives due to personal connections with this or that cashier , you might think there 's a filching conspiracy going on .	0
Really , it 's just people being predictable in covering their ass .	0
However , I tend to plump for simpler explanations .	0
Therefore , my vote is on 2. : )	1
Eh , I tend to put raping children and covering up the rapes on a much higher plane of crime than skimming off the till .	0
Given that police were actively dissuaded from investigating the crimes , criminals were shuffled around to avoid repercussions and make the trail harder to follow , and given it took place in multiple nations , all while higher-ups reassured people that no such thing was happening ... I tend to class it as heinous conspiracy regardless of how coordinated the effort was as a whole .	0
For it to be a conspiracy there has to be a guiding force , a cabal behind the whole thing .	0
There are no real 'ringleaders ' in all of the abuse cases I 've seen , even here in the USA .	0
It 's more a case of 'this priest knows this archbishop/bishop/cardinal and uses his friendship to skate clear ' .	0
To define as a conspiracy , I would need something like the Cabal of Underground Sex Cardinals coordinating the moving of abusive priests to finance their porn industry or similar .	0
Errr ... last I heard , around the news of the Murphy and Ryan reports , there was evidence then-Cardinal Ratzinger sent letters instructing bishops to pass any reports of child abuse to Rome rather than local law enforcement , before he took over his current office as Pope .	0
There 's also been plenty of cases of the bishops in Ireland , e.g. , passing the buck up to their archbishop .	0
Whether it was a conspiracy within the organization as a whole , or dozens of smaller conspiracies around the world , you have to admit that there are coordinated efforts among multiple individuals to aid and abet the criminals who abused children .	0
It 's not a hands-clasped Snidely Whiplash `` I am evil to be evil mwahaha ! ''	0
cartoon villainy ... but it 's coordinated efforts to protect child predators .	0
That it might have been done out of a global sense of CYA does n't make it better or significantly change the nature of the thing .	0
Or otherwise it may be 3 ) - a lifelong plan to troll the Catholic church which he 's finally putting into action .	0
Which would be epic .	0
It 's a ( freakish , medieval ) version of `` mistakes were made '' - it takes responsibility away from any actual person or group .	0
Enh ... given that part of the job of Holy Mother Church is to protect the common man from the influence of the Adversary , saying that he has taken control of leaders of the Church is n't exactly good CYA - particularly from the head of the folks in charge of recognizing and rebuking his manifestations .	1
It 's more the sort of accusation you 'd expect to hear leveled against the Church during the Protestant reformation - `` Satan is at work in the highest ranks of the clergy , and the time has come for good Christians to break away from the corrupt Church . ''	0
Mocking the Catholic church at this stage in history is almost redundant .	0
The Daily Mash did it anyway .	0
.well , depending on how you define `` the Devil '' , I could see it as making sense .	1
I mean , if you think of `` the Devil '' as `` the personification of evil , or as an anthropomorphic conception of evil '' , and sex abuse is evil , and the coverup of evil is evil , and the coverup of the sex abuse came from within the Vatican , then , well , yes , the Devil is at work inside the Vatican .	0
What he said .	0
`` The devil is at work '' may be Churchspeak `` people are doing bad things '' .	0
This implies the mindset that it 's some external force influencing them , that they need to just pray against it or something .	1
Well , it 's not as simple as `` pray against it '' .	0
It 's `` pray against it , search your soul for what you have done and how to change , and take steps to rectify the wrongs and stop doing evil in order to keep the Devil at bay . ''	1
Catholic doctrine does n't allow `` the Devil '' as a `` get out of responsibility free '' card .	0
It carries a different implication when an exorcist says it , though .	0
It 's the emjob/em of these guys to differentiate between `` Man , that dude is an asshole '' and `` this person is emliterally/em being possessed by a fallen angel , and we must cast the demon out ! ''	0
Theoretically they 're emsupposed/em to require a high level of evidence of infernal intervention before involving themselves .	0
It 's possible when the chief exorcist says `` the Devil lodges in the Vatican '' he means that , literally , the Devil is possessing members of the Church .	1
It 's what he emshould/em mean in using that language , given his job .	0
Either way , it 's ludicrously alarmist and a little nuts .	0
No matter what his goal is in saying it , odds are he 's not making much ground toward that goal .	0
iit 's ludicrously alarmist and a little nuts/i Unlike the rest of the Pope 's exorcist 's duties ? span class='ljedittime'emEdited at 2010-03-11 05:46 pm UTC/em/span	0
Well , frankly ?	0
Yes .	1
I do n't believe in their party line , but they do , and this is inconsistent with what the job is supposed to entail , if I remember correctly from Catholic Boot Camp .	0
The job of exorcist is emsupposed/em to be rather like folks involved in canonization - to be skeptical , seek solid evidence , then act - not to see devils everywhere and try to solve every problem with exorcism .	0
It seems counterintuitive , but the Church knows just as well as anyone how ridiculous they would look treating every rebellious teen as possessed , or what have you .	0
The folks they officially grant permission to perform exorcism are supposed to be levelheaded enough to avoid this kind of bad press , while still combating the possessions the Church has to believe occur now and then .	0
The chief of the branch should be even more responsible than the run-of-the-mill exorcist , not less .	0
Reading the article I ( as a Catholic ) have two theories:1 ) Dudeman has actually gotten some proof somewhere that the Vatican has been beset by the Devil.2 ) Dudeman , at age 85 , has a gotten a touch of senile dementia that 's affected him from investigating over 70,000 cases of demonic possession over his career .	0
That senile dementia is now causing him to see shadows where there are none .	0
pAwesome .	1
It was just cheesy enough that you did n't think they were taking themselves too seriously .	0
CG was fantastic , action was great , and there was PLENTY of fan-service .	0
I remember quite a while back they were doing a web-poll for what old school Optimus Prime quotes should they put into the script , and I caught several .	0
( `` Autobots , Roll Out !	0
`` , `` Freedom is the right of all sentient beings '' , etc . )	0
Peter Cullen was great , though I 'd wished Scatman Crothers was still alive to voice Jazz and when Bumblebee finally spoke at the end I wished they would have brought back Dan Gilvezan.pAll-in-all , excellent translation .	0
I loved how wide open they left it in the end for sequels ( which I think I 've read is the plan ) , and if I do n't get to see it again in the theaters I will surely be first in line to pick up the DVD .	0
Dude Jazz was a 930 .	0
Now he is a Pontiac Solstice .	0
I mean , there it is .	0
That 's a deep failure ,	0
paul is seriously excited about this movie .	0
i think we 're going to see it tomorrow .	0
Another reason you guys should have come over : the post-TFmovie geek out !	0
Missed you yesterday !	0
I 've been waiting forever to see this movie ! ! !	0
It 's my only solid commitment for 4th of July before the fire and beer of course .	0
: ) Ah I 'm a dork .	0
I just wish I coulda been home to see it with my bro and nephew .	0
Agreed .	0
It blowed up good .	0
I am going to catch it again , but this time sit ALL the way in the back .	0
It was just .	0
too much for sitting in the middle of the theater.I still think in the back of my head though , I really would have loved to have seen Devastator come to life .	0
The Constructicons were my second favorite Transformers of all time .	0
# 1 has to go to Soundwave , my first Transformer .	0
Here 's hoping we 'll see Soundwave , the Contructicons , and maybe even the Dinobots in the next movie .	0
I 'm very down on the sell-out to GM .	0
Jazz used to be a much better car .	0
: /I have n't had the chance to see it yet , though I am anticipating being thrown out of the movie theatre for crapping my pants and/or continually standing up and hooting and hollering at the screen .	0
There was a lot of hooting in the showing I went to , but I detected nary a whiff of excitement induced excrement.I did n't mind the update of the vehicles , but I wish they 'd used more original voices .	0
RIP , Scatman .	0
Considering the original Transformers were a sell-out to Hasbro , I 'd say all is as it was .	0
Just now they 're hawking big toys for big kids : )	0
Every freaking time I take a break and come back to skating I push too hard and my tailbone ends up out of place .	0
It does n't matter if I stretch , if I try to take it slow , it goes out .	0
Happily the lovely and talented Mama Rains makes it better , with icing and rest and adjustment .	0
But right now it really sucks to be sitting at my desk .	0
Why can I not work laying down ?	0
Ugh .	0
I hate that .	0
My sacrum used to go out every month just before my period .	0
Worst PMS symptom evar .	0
Oh ouch !	0
I consider myself lucky I rarely get PMS unless I 'm already hurting .	1
I 'm pretty sure that Eric has some work for you laying down ; )	0
You know he came down last night and you two think a lot alike .	0
a here ! iMullet with headlights ... BWHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ! !	0
Dear god , I never knew how bad that video was .	0
The woman 's voice makes me want to gouge my eyes out , but that was hilarious .	0
I know- she definitely misses several notes *wince* ... I 've had the song stuck in my head for days , now , and that video keeps getting funnier every time I see it .	1
Twirl around , Ninjas !	0
Nathan and I have started doing the literal commentary thing watching anime .	0
it 's funny .	0
span class='ljuser ljuser-name_kobold ' lj : user='kobold ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= '' ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' wrote in his lj about Disney releasing Song of the South .	0
This is the comment I posted.iI saw it when I was too young to pick out rascist undertones ( or overtones ) , but I remember liking it , but have n't had the oppurtunity since to really form an opinion on it , because so many people hate it.I like the Uncle Remus stories .	0
I do n't see why the animated characters in Song of the South have been wiped out of everything Disney .	0
Were n't they created by African Americans ?	0
Are n't a lot of those stories satirical of white slave owners ?	0
I 've heard the argument that the film sugarcoats slavery , and being a Disney movie I do n't see how it could n't , but I 'm betting Song of the South is much less Rascist than Gone with the Wind , and not nearly as bad as Birth of a Nation , but every film student is forced to watch those pieces of crap at least once./iNow what do you all think ? Long-ass post in an hour from now .	0
Promise .	0
my stepmom picked it up overseas years ago , so i 've sort of grown up with it ( though it 's been at least a good 3 or 4 years since i 've seen it ) .	0
i never really saw it as rascist ; in fact , the implication was of black people outsmarting white people ( in animal form , that is ) .	1
i always found it to be entertaining , and i think it 's really cool that they are considering a rerelease	0
My mom used to have a boat and she called it the Laughing Place , because apparently , there 's a part in that movie where someone says , everyone needs a laughing place .	0
What does this have to do with your comment ?	0
Maybe the word overseas triggered this memory ?	0
Who the hell knows ?	0
Allow me to submit an analogy : Song of the South is to Slavery , as any image of the twin towers is to 9-11.Remove them and pretend the event never happened ... .unless you 're running for re-election .	0
huh ?	0
as a person with a folklore degree , they 're kinda slavery era in that when joel chandler harris collected them they were told him by a black male who was either a neighbor or a servant of the family ( i suddenly ca n't recall which ) .	0
really the stories are variations on african folk tales , existing american folktales ( like jack tales ) and some elements and stories were created so to speak or altered during the slave years , but not all of them .	0
they 're really a mishmash of traditional stories , especially trickster tales and the trickster in every other element of american and really every society is an admired figure who sticks it to the status quo .	0
they 're cautionary tales and fables as well - it 's sad that they 're dismissed so readily by people who 've probably never even read them .	0
they definately do not promote or condone slavery in the least - if anything they 're against it , as the hoovmeister said .	1
all folktales , regardless of when they were created or under what circumstances , are an integral element of our society and to ignore them or media stemming from them is doing a serious disservice to our youth .	0
it saddens me that folklore 's basically dying out between the encroaching technology and political correctness .	0
in terms of the uncle tom-like remus as lucas mentioned , you rarely saw beatings and uprising in folktales - folk songs , yes - folk tales , not so much .	0
so yep , much overblownedness .	0
i have a copy of it on vinyl leftover from my childhood .	0
take that mister establishment ! hey , i have n't cussed this whole time .	0
shame on me .	0
here 're five token expletives : uncle fucker , fucktard , assmonkey , dickhead , and cuntmeister general .	0
The degree in folklore is a cool thing to have.if I was a rapper , I 'd prolly want to be called hoovemeister F.man , I 'm not even keeping a train of thought anymore .	0
Thanks for the info .	0
Song of the South should be released again .	1
It is not racist .	0
Uncle Remus was a slave and the stories came from slavery days .	0
While slavery was a horrible thing , we cant just act like it never happened .	0
Let people see this delightful movie thats full of morality stories and great songs .	0
American culture has a spotted past , the best way to accept it and move on is to embrace it.Basically the folks who want to cry racism and what not are blithering idiots who never managed to open their minds enough to see what this movie was about .	0
robo_rob who has it on bootleg and saw it in the theaters when he was a child .	0
See I knew you were going to say something cool and rational about it .	0
yes , at every point.except , that the stories didnt actually come from the days of slavery .	0
I looked that up and there seems to be no availible information on when the stories first started being told .	0
Popular belief is they started during slavery .	0
However popular belief can be wrong .	0
So *shrug* whenever they came out .	0
sure , it may not matter to much.except that when i author stuff i want credit for my work .	0
as does joel candler harris , their author .	0
Now this is interesting , because I remember us having an argument about whether or not Denis Leary was a thief for stealing Bill Hicks ' material , and whether or not people have ownsership of an idea.Speaking of which , fuck Denis Leary .	0
Fuck him with a copy of Operation : Dumbo Drop .	0
Yeah , I 've got a bootleg as well , and I have to say that this is a movie you get for the animation and ONLY for the animation .	1
For two reasons : the animation is some of the best done character animation that exists and because the live action elements are VERY badly written , acted and directed .	0
Not bad as in imoral , but bad as in just poor quality .	0
It 's not ever overtly offensive or in any way compelling durring the live segments , but Remus does look tweeked out of his gord durring Zippadee Doo Dah and whenever the little boy cries his transforms into the vissage of a demon .	0
The most labor any black person does is cooking , there 's no bloody uprising , nobody is beaten , bought or sold .	0
Remus does get a browbeating from the mother and grandmother for telling stories to the kid , and he does get very no mam , yessum humble and even depressed about it , but that 's as bad as things get .	0
I do n't think this movie was shelved so much because of it 's being offensive as much as it just being embarassingly badly done .	1
I know that many animators have been pushing for some kind of official rerelease just because the segments with Brer Rabbit are just damn good animation , but otherwise it was n't hugely financially or critically successful and really did n't quite fit next to other live actionnimation hybrid family films like Mary Poppins or Bedknobs and Broomsticks on the Disney Classics shelves .	0
So yeah , my basic thoughts ?	0
It 's not a great film , the worries about racism are far overblown , the kid 's a demon , the animation is beautiful .	0
Rerelease it ?	0
Sure , it should be made available to people who want to be able to buy and watch it , but it 's not something that will make a ton of cash on DVD or have more than a very small niche market .	0
Great animation , but crappy live action ?	0
Gee , sounds like a Ralph Bakshi movie .	0
I miss that guy .	0
Christmas in the Park is touristy cheesiness at it 's finest .	1
They cram tons of Christmas trees into a small park in downtown San Jose and various organizations decorate them .	0
There 's also plenty of overpriced snacks and lots of creepy run down holiday animatronics .	0
It 's great : ) name= '' cutid1 '' a name= '' cutid2 '' The evening out started with drinks at The Fairmont Hotel .	0
They had this giant gingerbread house out by the enterance .	0
/ /Christmas tree made out of gingerbread cookies .	0
/ / /HoboSanta had a bunny , poor bunny : ( / / /We finally made it .	0
Pixar 's Up themed tree .	0
/California snow = soap / / / / /More `` snow '' / /Star Trek / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / name='cutid2-end '	0
where 's the penis pictures ? !	0
just for you ; ) - /	0
We are trying to catch up on Survivor before watching this current season of Heroes vs Villains to really appreciate who all these people are .	0
Unfortunately , I had only seen 14-19 and Matt had only seasons 18 and 19 .	0
So far we 've watched Seasons 1 , 2 and 7 .	0
Season 7 was amazing !	1
There are so many great people with intense ( good and bad ) personalities , crazy challenges , big surprises and bit 's all pirate themed/b.We also bought seasons 8 , 9 and 10 .	0
We can get seasons 11-now on itunes .	0
But what about seasons 3-6 ?	0
I can find them online for free but the quality is TERRIBLE !	0
Anyone know where I can get seasons 3-6 that is n't a choppy , garbley mess with a giant logo slapped over a huge part of it ?	0
Have you tried hulu.com ?	0
Normally they have everything on there .	0
Me and my boyfriend are currently going through Stargate SG-1 on there .	0
Yep , checked there right after checking the main survivor site on cbs .	0
It looks like Hulu 's policy seems to be to only offer what is currently being offered by who has that copyright .	0
I 've noticed that with other shows too .	0
When you could get all 4 recent seasons of survivor on the main site there were all on hulu .	0
now both hulu and the main site only have clips and bits of the last 2 seasons .	0
I 've never seen either of those shows , but I 've heard of survivor .	0
Your post made me remember a Madtv parody skit of it .	0
I find it hilarious .	0
is Tabby , Louise 's cat : ) a name= '' cutid1 ''	0
Aww , cuteness : - ) I so miss havings cats around the place .	0
I 'm hoping that the next place I rent will be pet-friendly so I can have one once again.More at piccies ata	0
I love the infinitecat website .	1
So cute : D	0
I loooove kitty cats !	0
Ooh , I love the paw one in particular !	0
I love cat paws ! !	0
: D looooooook : when she stretches her paw out , hee .	0
*paw love*	0
*squeee* She is adorable , you just want those paws to grip your finger as she purrs her head off !	0
Aww , gorgeous !	0
IS SHE A MAINE COON ?	0
( BECAUSE !	0
she 's like my lovely kitty , they could be boyfriend and girlfriend : a	0
awww : D the whiskers !	0
! I 'd have to ask Louise , but it sounds about right .	0
I just think of her as a brown tabby with white paws .	0
I do n't know a lot about different breeds etc : D you 've now got me reading all about them on a website : )	0
oo , yes she iss.they 're such lovely long haired cats.I 'm looking at lots of different types on google and they 're all so lovely in their own way , I ca n't decide what breed I like the most : )	0
cat =D	0
awww	0
My dad 's cat purrs like a bloody moped !	0
*laughs* : D	0
i moved i moved i movedddddddddddddddddddd ! I ... am happy about that	1
oh yeah ... i forgot to tell you , it was about a 5 days ago that i finished	0
I adore moving.Everyone says it 's stressful and awful , but I LOVE it .	0
yes .	0
i absolutly love being in a new place .	0
new feelings , new memories to make.. its so nice	0
Congrats !	0
Where to ?	0
really close to my other place .	0
but i am just thankful to be somewhere new	0
Ah , cool .	0
Yay Tricia !	0
! Where did you move to ?	0
hahah not far from my other place ... still in hazel dell.I actually moved back into the apartments that i moved out of to move into the other ones lol	0
when the hell did you move ? ! ? ! ?	0
Any plans for New Years ?	0
Fuck doing it in Statesboro .	0
*does the bitches hand motion*	0
yeaaaaaaaaaaaa !	0
sounds like a party to me	0
I think jessie , whitney and I are driving up if you want to ride man .	0
Sounds good .	0
i 'll be in the A , 16 more days	0
Word .	0
I 'd like to hang with people in the A as well .	0
I WILL COME GET YOU if you want to come visit !	0
srsly .	0
I want my friend back .	0
I'm 's still yo friend grrrrl .	0
I 'll find a way up there .	0
you 'll find me in the A .	0
if you will find erik there ... then you will find hermes there	0
Sounds great already , bitches .	0
I 'll show you bitches .	0
Buy my movie !	0
a the Dunwich Horror Do it , bitches !	0
I got the movie and you are so cute in it = ) You look so natural^^ I was like ZOMG THERE 'S MAH BURGER KING andlt ; 3 then licked the TV and got quite a static shock .	0
Awesome !	0
The dvd easter egg has some footage of me , too .	0
I have no idea where it is .	0
And the audio commentary mentions me .	0
It feels like forever since I updated with something worth writing .	0
I have been so busy lately it 's untrue , and I do n't mean in the I-have-actually-got-a-life kinda way .	0
I 've struggled to get use to taking five A levels instead of the usual 3/4 , but I think I 'm finally getting untop of it so hopefully I 'll be around more .	1
Completly randomly , I have decided that I hate gay men *nods distraughtly* .	0
EVERY guy that I even slightly like is gay = ( It should n't be allowed .	0
I 'd kill to be their boyfriend *sulks* .	0
I do n't like straight girls very much at the minute either .	0
Yup , you got it , I 'm so lonely !	0
Not in the I'm-horny-and-need-sex-now sense ... just the general wanting a partner that is like your best friend and knows you better than anyone blah blah fairytale sense .	0
I think I vaguely remember that once upon a time .	0
Gah , I 'm being mushy on you all now .	0
It wo n't happen again .	0
Promise ! But while I 'm at it , I may as well add guys with girlfriends and even girls with girlfriends to my hate list .	0
*jealous*	0
All the great men are either taken or gay .	0
Sad truth of life , my dear ... The best male friends I 've ever had were gay .	1
You know they do n't constantly think about getting into your pants .	0
But sometimes , I 've got to agree , gay men are a big disappointment .	0
; ) Same thing with straight girls .	1
Or those who claim they are straight , but play mind games with you ?	0
Oh darling , I 've been there , more than once .	0
My first girl 'crush ' ( I hate that word though ) was this girl who I have been friends with for a couple of years .	0
So yeah , for about a year , she was playing mind games with me , which ended up in me getting super confused .	0
Her feelings about me have never ever been clear .	0
I never knew if she was just joking around , or whatever .	0
Also , she 's been with this guy for like , 5 years , so I dunno .	0
Maybe it was -his- fantasy ?	0
His girlfriend making out with another female ?	0
Or maybe she really is genuine ?	0
Whatever , it 's all too confusing .	0
I 'm terrified of talking to her about this , and plus I have n't seen her in months - wait , over a year !	0
: ' ( It 's pretty hopeless ... And I 'm blabling .	1
'All the great men are either taken or gay .	0
Sad truth of life , my dear ... 'Profound truth = ( 'those who claim they are straight , but play mind games with you ?	0
'Been there , experienced that .	0
That has got to be one of the cruelest things that a straight person can do to someone gay/bi .	1
As if it is n't difficult enough to start a relationship with someone of the same sex , all that teasing and leading you on confuses the hell out of you .	0
If you have n't seen that girl for so long , then I can see why it looks hopeless .	0
I doubt it was her boyfriends fantasy ... more her own- you know like one of those teenage experiments that everyone seems to have to have whether they are certain about their sexuality or not .	1
It was nasty of her to be a complete head-fuck though *huggles*And do n't worry blab away , I do it enough =P	0
You are the sweetest .	0
Seriously .	0
: ) I doubt it was her boyfriends fantasy ... more her own- you know like one of those teenage experiments that everyone seems to have to have whether they are certain about their sexuality or not.Yeah , that was probably it .	0
Heck , it 's almost insulting .	0
She was a Gemini , just like me , so I think that 's why our 'relationship ' ( if you call that one ) was so awkward and weird .	1
Hah .	0
Two double-signs do n't match , it seems .	0
We even had the same birthday ( just not the same year of birth ) !	0
I should 've known it was impossible .	0
Ah well .	0
Live and learn , they say .	0
I 'm gon na take this advice.That has got to be one of the cruelest things that a straight person can do to someone gay/bi .	0
As if it is n't difficult enough to start a relationship with someone of the same sex , all that teasing and leading you on confuses the hell out of you.The mind-fuck part is terribly painful .	0
: ( Playing with people 's heads like that should be outlawed .	1
I feel like I 've been used , and that 's just gross .	0
I will probably never know if she really loved me .	0
Actually , the more I think about it , the more I 'm convinced she never did .	0
And you 're so right , starting a relationship with someone of the same sex is really difficult and complicated .	0
Even with the opposite sex , hah .	0
I have no relationship skills whatsoever ! Pseudo-bi girls piss me off .	0
Haha .	0
They really do .	0
*hugs*	0
You use astronomy ?	0
I 'm not into the whole horoscop things you get everywhere- I doubt half of them are real lol but I do like the proper idea of it .	0
Mine is quite interesting because my sun sign is Libra and my moon sign is Scorpio .	1
That makes some weird combinations XDI 'm really sorry about what that girl did to you = ( I had an ex that was a complete head-fuck so I can totally emphasise .	1
Pseudo-bi girls are the reason I was uncomfortable with my sexuality for a while .	1
They really get to me andgt ; = (	0
a _new title=History of the Holidays : Columbus Dayimg http : /1387.g.akamaitech.net/7/1387/32585/0/content.catalog.video.msn.com/image.aspx ? uuid=dd84143f62854bb595ea16f7a2b8cc00andamp ; w=136andamp ; h=102 border=0 alt=History of the Holidays : Columbus Day width=112 height=84History of the Holidays : Columbus DayWell , I did n't so I though I would share it all with you !	0
! Do n't thank me to much .	0
Oh Emma-seel ... you look just like Usagi/Mina ( whichever it is , I ca n't tell ) in that icon .	0
It 's so sad ! !	0
The fact that you are talking about Columbus Day so eagerly tells me that you 're not long for this world ! !	1
NEVER GIVE UP ! !	0
Someone else on my friend 's list said this : ASDKLHDJHSAD THE BANK WAS CLOSED .	0
DAMN YOU , CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS .	0
WHY 'D YOU HAVE TO GO AND DISCOVER AMERICA WHEN I NEED TO DRAW OUT MORE CASH ? !	0
*cough*	0
Although ... Technically someone named America discovered it , but became bored and did n't bother founding it as a nation .	0
I had no idea it was even Columbus day =X !	0
Oh noooo GWILLLL !	0
Feel better soon !	0
OMG !	0
I found you on lj .	0
This is Maria..btw ... I friended you ! ^^	0
WOW !	0
Hey , Maria ! ! !	0
I 'll friend you back !	0
You run to him right ?	0
Or in my case ... you ride .	0
I 'm a silly girl sometimes .	0
: ) I had a pretty horrendous ride in this morning .	0
I left Chapel Hill at 7 and got to work in Spring Hill at 7:40 .	0
I stalled 5 times ( my chain needs greasing ... grr.. and i keep flooding her at the lights ) ... and sat in bumper to bumper traffic on the Western Motorway , going not much faster than an average 40km/h.In QLD bike riders go up the inside or the middle ... but I thought `` no , I 'm a terrible rider , I need to practice my slow ride '' ... and thank god for that , there was a cop car sitting at the end of the motorway , who 'd nabbed 2 riders.I 'm so tired now and i 've a headcold as well .	0
Oh I was n't woken up , I was very awake .	0
And yeah that time is correct..	0
I remember it was MIDNIGHT I actually went to sleep whereas when you came I was at the computer .	0
Ahhh !	0
Cool .	0
Glad I did n't wake you up ! I did think it was strange everyone was asleep .	0
I felt bad getting Ian out of bed ... but it was his request.But your car had a girly pal for the night , harriet was all tucked in next to him awwww	0
CRX is a whore , get Harriet checked asap.I also need to move him down to the bottom car space so Ena can use the park next to the entrance.Yeah for some reason we all slept really early last night .	0
Or at least retreated to our rooms and switched lights .	0
If you did wake me up it 'd be a case of `` whaa..oh..snore '' : )	0
well I did find her covered in moisture this morning : PBut I think that was the dew ! Meh , I think it 's just as easy for him .	0
Makes sense to have the small car at the top where people walk past .	0
Besides that , it might encourage you to drive him more ; ) I know at least 4 people that would be happy to go for drives with ya ! It was indeed one of those nights for me too ... until I was summoned !	0
If i ever catch u riding in between lanes i will personally come to Brissie and brain you girl.Did your defensive riding teach you nothing ?	0
Getting to work ... what ... 5 mins earlier max ... is worth risking your life ? Gee- u love your job .	0
Believe me , that 's exactly what was going through my head !	0
The words of my defensive driving instructor !	0
! I was envious of them , but I would never be that stupid go between the traffic .	0
ESPECIALLY on a motorway .	0
It 's still true though , the cops turn a blind eye -- they even said that in my course.It was the shoulder verge that I was jealous of , but that IS illegal ; )	0
I know honey , i was the same ... . i would sit wishing i could be as stupid as the rest but then i would see someone nearly get hit and decide i was glad i had a brain ; - ) Most cops will turn a blind eye but they will sometimes crack down on it too .	0
I think its legal in Victoria to ride between lanes ( or used to be ) but hadnt been legal in sydney - with good reason.I nearly lost a friend at 19 to a motorbike accident , she was in a coma for 18 months - because she and a car both ran the orange .	0
Neither of them won .	0
yeah : ( its those stupid idiots that give bike riders a bad rep too ! They 're making it harder to get a licence up here now too .	0
Apparently scooters/bike riders are on the increase for causing accidents.Ahh those kind of stories scare me ! !	0
But 's the reality of it all .	0
it 's legal to ride in between lanes of stopped traffic in Sydney ... just not moving traffic.the pre-provisional instructor told me that one , so I feel it 's on fairly good authority ... .	0
also , I think scooter/bike riders are just on the increase .	0
the more there are around , the more there are to increase accidents.I do n't think the percentage of dangerous riders is actually increasing ...	0
i ca n't believe cops would nab you for doing thatwellat least not in standstill traffic .	0
maybe in 40kph traffic it 's a little nuts : Dgo lara for not being insane : D	0
Its illegal because its an incredibly stupid thing to do .	1
Its too easy for some dimwitted motorist to decide to `` jump= '' lanes '' and pull out without looking , or open a door or what the hell ever that might cause you to have an accident .	0
Only idiots ride in between lanes./end rant from motorcyclist with a brain ... . and alive after 13 years of riding in sydney traffic : Pspan class='ljedittime'emEdited at 2008-03-05 02:27 am UTC/em/span	0
hmmmtruewhat about on the road shoulder ?	0
Again , idiots can pull out or swerve over fast if they need to .	0
Shoulder is for emergency vehicles and breakdowns .	0
Do you wan na be the accident the ambulance needs the lane access for ? People do it , i just think they are silly doing so .	0
I value my life more than getting somewhere 5 mins faster ... . and really thats the most u would make from lane swapping and riding between them etc .	0
You dont make up as much time as you would think once you do the calculations .	0
well yeahi 'm not a rider , but when i 'm driving i do n't weave .	0
It just requires so much more concentration then sitting there cruising with trafficnot to mention the danger	0
You dont really save time lane jumping and usually just increase your own frustration .	0
At least in peak hour .	0
I used to be a lead foot , till the defensive driving instructor did the calculations for us and all that weaving people do really only saves them 1-2 MINUTES max on their travel .	0
The question he asked always stuck with me because it made me think and the answer was NO .	0
And yeah that was , is 2-3 minutes to get someplace worth risking your life for .	0
Or someone elses.Different if some git is doing 40kms in a 60 zone in the right hand lane with no other traffic around : P	0
I was wondering what the hell that was at midnight..	0
Actually it was 10:30 ... . but it did n't even wake up Ian !	0
after watching an interview on a where a spokesman for the australian israeli jewish affair council explicitly said that if you question the actions of the israeli government then you are effectively anti-zionist and a card carrying member of hezzbollah .	0
i swear to god , the more and more that i learn the angrier i get .	0
what the ifuck/i are they thinking ? brand all of this bullshit where they refuse to hold a temporary ceasefire to allow foreign national tourists to safely evactuate , as fucked up and shitty as that is , has me simply livid .	0
i 'm so angry at them that i ca n't think straight .	0
i 'm so angry that i 'm shaking.brand why the hell has n't australia , or britian , or germany , or any other of america 's allies got on the horn and said that if they do n't force israel to hold a ceasefire then they 'll pull of out their wonderfully conducted art of propaganda otherwise known as the war on terror ?	1
i bet you that they 'd fucking snap to like nervous fucking field mice in the eyes of a hungry hawk .	0
I was n't referring to all of them as ragheads , but the ones needing immediate extermination happen to be wearing them .	0
I would n't refer to my Sikh friends as ragheads , despite their similarities in appearance .	0
I just recently learned that Sikhism is an offshoot of Hinduism .	0
The Hindus are such a peaceful lot that they formed a separate religion to deal with muslim aggression .	0
Ironic , no ? My over-exuberant Indian friend suggested blowing up Mecca , but that 's just preposterous .	1
I mean I might be willing to give him a hand if he helps me destroy Mt .	0
Rushmore first , but such ideas and acts of terror would accomplish nothing .	0
Save to piss an enormous population off , which is n't necessarily a bad thing , but you need to piss them off for the right reasons .	0
A lot of the message would get lost in translation I 'm afraid .	0
Questioning Israeli actions is n't anti-semitic .	0
The Israeli attacks are n't going to endear them to anyone , but they 've been dealing with this shit for so long they 're past the point of caring what the rest of the world thinks .	0
It 's not about PR , it 's about keeping it 's citizens alive .	1
If people have a problem with their tactics then that 's their bleeding heart problem .	0
`` Questioning Israeli actions is n't anti-semitic '' i know that , but those darn israeli lobby groups keep telling me otherwise	0
I suspect it 's because this time ( unlike many other times ) agressions were begun my the syria-iran supported hezzbollah ( though it 's more PC to spell it hizzbullah now ) .	0
That said , everybody just needs to stop .	0
I liked the Norwegian take on it all- they told Israel they were evacuating , loaded themselves onto a bus literally draped with Norwegian flags , and got out .	1
Very no-nonsense .	0
No offense , but I do n't think australia telling israel to do anything would have any effect .	0
we did the whole convey-draped in flags thing as well .	0
we probably did it first : ) of course , when we got to the city that we were being evacuated to to be met by a boat , we were told that it had been previously booked and that we couldn ; t have it .	0
so we 've got hundreds of citixens lining up on sidewalks in the middle of a war torn country waiting for some ships that were'nr coming .	0
they 're still there , as of an hour and a half ago , as well.israel would n't be in this position if they didn ; t put themselves there .	0
i do n't think australia should tell israel what to do .	1
australia should get on the phone to you damned yankees and let you politely know that unless you stop your nasty little friend from attacking our civilians for a little while at least then we 'll actively review our free trade and our participation in the war on terror .	0
while we 're really only there for the p.r .	0
the p.r .	0
is really important for you guys in that area so ...	0
They do n't do it because they know that it wo n't get them anywhere .	1
The Israel Lobby is one of the most powerful in Washington , and has a profound effect on US foreign policy .	0
If you 're up for a lot of reading , or a bit of skimming , try : a from March this year.I 'm with you though , I find the whole thing reprehensible .	0
then let the israel lobby provide the special force troops and the photo ops with foreign dignitarities for legitimacy purposes that the war on terror desperately needs .	0
Any citizen , foreign or otherwise , that 's staying in an area that has publicly elected hostile militants into their government for the sole purpose of launching attacks on a neighboring country should 've thought about that before they moved to the god-damned area .	0
What the fuck were ithey/i thinking , huh ?	0
the fact that they are lebanese-australians who were over visiting relatives who do n't really get to decide who their neighbours are in an area with no real variety in housing options probably can explain a few things : )	0
What 's really pissing me off is watching a liberal reporter tour damaged areas of Lebanon with a representative of Hezbollah while he whines about what the Israelis are doing to their cities .	1
WTF ?	0
Maybe if your rag-headed leader had n't ordered the invasion of Israel , and the kidnapping of troops they would n't be shelling the fuck out of your little hidey holes , which happen to be in civilian areas .	0
Cowardly fucks .	0
And the reporter is eating it up , when he should be kicking the fucker 's ass for assuming the rest of the world is as stupid as they are.Oh , and the whiney ass , self-ed , American bitch that could n't understand why she was n't being evacuated immediately .	0
`` The Italians , and French got their people out .	0
Why have n't we been evacuated yet ?	0
We 're American !	0
`` I hope a missile hits her in her stupid , Gucci wearing , spoiled ass .	0
why 'd you have to call them ragheads ?	0
surely you could have called them any number of other names before using that one .	0
dickheads is my personal favourite at the moment.in the face of overwhelming military superiority , guerilla warfare tactics are the best way to go .	1
it 's shitty , but that 's the only avenue left to them .	0
and i do n't think that israel has much of a leg to stand on ith a choice of their targets at the moment .	1
reports are coming out that they 've been bombing schools , hospitals , restaurants etc .	0
Does anyone else sometimes randomly just see their Livejournal get stripped of CSS and shown nekkid ? I kind of like it , in a perverse way .	1
It 's like a metaphor for how Livejournal is a collapsing ruin , things fall apart , the can not hold , etc .	0
yes	0
yes	0
No .	0
maybe.no wait ... yes	0
Yes , but it happens to me with Twitter far more often .	0
yes	0
Even better is when , for some reason , their scripts fail to build your style , and you get nice error messages in the place of actual content.That , and the twitter-esque We loaded half of your stylesheet .	0
Be grateful you got that much .	0
screwups .	0
yes	0
pa title=Alice Cooper is rad by Rosemary Travale , on Flickrimg width=424 height=500 alt=Alice Cooper is rad border=0 / pSo this morning I woke up with a stuck in my head and it reminded me about how rad Alice Cooper is .	0
So hereand # 8217 ; s a quick warm up painting I did today !	0
p style=border : 1px solid black ; padding : 3px ; strongOriginally published at a You can comment here or a	0
Oh man yes .	0
I want him to come to my house so we can play jump rope	0
A warm-up ?	0
I am the monkey 's uncle !	0
; ) If that is gouache , I am impressed .	1
I agonize over gouache !	0
Hahah it is a warm up !	1
It 's just a little quick thing .	0
And yes , it is gouache !	0
I use Holbein Acryla Gouache for all my paintings , it 's my favourite kind : D	0
my name is aliceI live in a palace	0
that commercial and the robert goulet mixed nuts commercial are two of the greatest of all time	0
You say warm up I say fully formed spot illustration.Does he actually wear a happy kitten shirt ?	0
Or did you just stick it on there ?	0
Because that is so awesome .	0
Aw thanks pal ! HAHAH !	0
No , he does n't have a happy kitten shirt .	0
But I feel like he would totally wear one if he had one !	0
I need to be his friend and give one to him for Christmas .	0
Rad !	0
I love the ghosts in there too .	0
Thanks !	0
Yeah I just tossed a bit of masking fluid down on the paper before I did the wash to make those little guys	0
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSwSSSSSSSS .	0
Yes , Yes , Yes , Yes , Yes !	0
XD	0
I had a little free time today so I photographed the flowers we got at the farmers market over the weekend .	0
I used both the a name= '' cutid1 '' a target= '' blank '' border= '' 0 '' hra target= '' blank '' border= '' 0 '' hra target= '' blank '' border= '' 0 '' hra target= '' blank '' border= '' 0 '' hra target= '' blank '' border= '' 0 '' name='cutid1-end '	0
The top one is closer to what you 'd see in those magazines .	0
Because they printed on a very cheap grade of paper they tended to go for high contrast saturated colours ( that then got greyed down by the paper ) ... but it 's the *choice* of colours too , somehow the aesthetic is very much of that time and place .	0
I 'm really drawn to the way this new camera deals with color !	0
( and b/w for that matter ) I want to go back and re-shoot everything I 've done with it !	0
Stars !	0
Fireworks !	0
OH wait , flowers ! ! !	0
So pretty , thank you .	0
So pretty !	0
I like the first and third ones best- the lines are so crisp , and it almost looks like they 're glowing .	1
Yes ...	0
I loved this aspect as well ... and it really pops out with the soft light sources .	0
What colors ! ! ! !	0
I love these : )	0
Thank you .	0
I loved these shots !	0
My favorites were the first , third and last ones .	0
Thanks so much for posting .	0
Thank you ... it 's interesting ...	0
I almost did not post the third one !	0
i always love your flower shots !	0
: ) the last one is my favorite ... such vibrant colors !	1
Thanks ... you obviously have me on speed dial !	0
I was still making an adjustment to the entry when your comment came in !	0
talk about girlie parts , this one made me blush .	0
i 've never seen pistils and stamens that close .	0
this is almost floraporn .	0
[ oh yeah , the color , comp , and depth of field was pretty sweet too ]	0
Yeah ...	0
I 've often had difficulty really seeing the two things as different visually .	0
# 3 is awesome ... especially the leaf curling around the stem : )	0
Yeah ...	0
I really liked the leaf curling too .	0
the first and last ... the colours had me time travelling to cold-war-era Hungarian propaganda newspapers	0
Interesting that you would pick those two since they are from different cameras .	0
I 'm not sure what that propaganda looked like ... but if it was color like this ... WOW !	0
We all know how much I absolutely disdain the Twilight ... *shudder* phenomenon .	1
We all know vampires should n't sparkle , and that Buffy would stake Edward before we could have that horrible Reneesmee ( oh jesus ) birthing scene in the 4th movie .	0
I still do n't know how they 'll do that , to be honest.So I ask you all : a THE SHIT IS THIS ?	0
WHAT .	0
THE SHIT.An except , if I may : '' And so the lion fell in love with the lamb.Twilight has quickly become a worldwide phenomenon developing a strong core base of dedicated fans who are drawn to the story of a Romeo and Juliet style romance between mortal ( Bella ) and vampire ( Edward ) .	0
Who better to capture the young star-crossed love of these two characters than Barbie and Ken .	0
Edward is luminescent with a shimmering complexion and trademark gold eyes .	0
Bella doll sold separately .	0
`` I 'm sorry , but if this is a Romeo and Juliet style romance , then they would both be dead by the end of the third act .	0
OH HA HA BARBIE .	0
I SEE WHUT YOU DID THAR .	0
I have n't seen the movie or read any of the books ... .Not my glass of beer , I guess.Cam .	0
Oh jebus .	0
: : makes being sick noises : :Thank god I am not the only one looking at the Twilight phenomenon and going WTF ?	0
The film was so boring and when he started to glitter in the sunlight both my husband and I yelled at the screen .	1
Vampires ... are cool .	0
Vampires are scary .	0
Vampires are Lestat .	0
Vampires are Dracula .	0
Vampires are Blade ( Sorry ... but I love that franchise ) Not some glowy twit with serious teenage angst .	0
ARGH ! I have also noticed a considerable rise in the number of vampire books being published .	0
Sigh.I really want to buy that doll for my husband as it would probably not end like romeo and juliet , probably more like Hamlet .	0
Dude , I know .	0
Everyone 's cashing in on the vampires lately .	0
I ca n't go to a bookstore without some twit behind the counter recommending me Twilight when I ask for good sci-fi/fantasy books.Seriously though , that doll looks like it would eat me in my sleep .	0
I never thought I 'd see a doll that ACTUALLY gave me the willies , but congratulations Mattel .	0
You win.I 'm gon na go cry into my copy of 'Interview with a Vampire ' now .	0
Aaaagh ! ! !	0
I must stab my eyes out after seeing this .	0
Although I just saw a wonderful mash-up of Buffy Vs Edward where someone took bits of Buffy and bits of Twilight and had Buffy stake Edward.I tried to read the first book to see what the fuss was about and I could n't even get half-way through .	0
It hurt so .	0
SEND ME THAT MASH-UP .	0
I must see it !	0
I know several people who would LOVE IT.That 's okay , the plot does n't show up until after vampire baseball anyway .	0
You did n't miss much .	0
I have no idea how to embed a video into a comment .	0
But I did post it into my Journal .	0
So feel free to go there and watch it .	0
Methinks thou protesteth too much ...	0
I know you have an `` I Love Edward '' slapband *giggles and runs away*	0
As the trade mark saying goes , GAG ME WITH A SPOON !	0
I want to puke my fucking guts out !	0
Bugger the vampires , Annie and George are why I watch iBeing Human/i .	0
Love them both to bits .	0
Poor George .	0
Brave Annie.iGlee/i is losing my interest , it 's all about the pretty white kids .	1
Who look like every other cast of pretty white kids , not like the misfits the show was supposed to be about .	0
Where are the stories about the kid in the wheel chair , or the black girl with the stunning voice ?	0
And it fails Bechdel Test too .	0
Visited Mum yesterday , I now have a new wok and a bolster , Mum can spend money for England .	0
Oh , and a bright pink fitted sheet to go with this subtle little set - a FF	0
'being human'- you 're so right .	0
and as for 'glee ' , yeah , i lost interest in that a couple of weeks ago too ... thoughts on 'caprica ' ?	0
Have n't seen iCaprica/i .	0
Hangs head .	0
I have season one of iBSG/i and season one of iHeroes/i sitting on the shelf , I have still to get round watching either of them.Which is a bit daft , as I 'm sure I will like iBSG/i as I loved DS9 and it 's the some of the same creators and themes.FF	0
I was thinking exactly what you were thinking about emGlee/em .	0
And the love triangle is a very boring one .	0
I want to know more about the other kids too .	0
My only big smile moment was Kurt 's dad knowing Kurt was gay since he was a tot , lovely little scene , playing against the dad 's macho image .	1
Well there 's just been an ep which dealt exactly with the white kids getting all the attention !	0
I still think it 's great i must admit .	0
Yes , I 'm still enjoying it too - but it is a bit a of a guilty pleasure .	0
OMG , that duvet cover is so you !	0
Gorgeous .	0
Subtle and understated , just like me ! FF	0
I refuse to watch Glee , purely on the premise that Freddie would be spinning in his grave over that rendition of Somebody To Love ... .*shudders* ... how very dare they ? ... . *snort* ...	1
*goes back to drooling over her OTP and re-reading The Diary* ... .Deeds xx	0
I 'm re-reading it too ( an annual treat ) .	0
We are up to hunting Miggsy the Not-Monkey ... FF	0
Ah ... .Jack 's just made a delicious rope stew here at Chez Deeds ! ...	0
*snickers* ...	0
I am quite envious that you get the 2nd series of Being Human while we in the USA have to wait ! I truly loved the 1st series when it was shown here on BBC America .	1
I am keeping my fingers crossed that we get to see the new series sometime this year .	0
It 's still really , really good .	1
Wonderful characters , funny , poignant , sometimes scary stories .	0
I forgot to add : Annie and George were why I watched , too .	0
The scientists were right to demote Pluto .	0
TAKE IT BACK YOU BASTARD	0
they should promote goofy instead , he can talk	1
This has nothing to do with your post , but your icon reminded me of something I saw on GameFAQs earlier : /	0
Only his icon is saving span class='ljuser ljuser-name_chime ' lj : user='chime ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= ' src= ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' from receiving a package of scorpions via fedex .	0
( That , and I do n't know his address .	0
And fedex does n't ship scorpions .	0
And ... )	0
You make Sailor Pluto sad .	0
They were right ; they just handled the announcement poorly .	0
pI did this pinup during a livestream session earlier today ( in which the chat window stopped refreshing so I had no idea anyone was typing things to me !	0
Sorry about that guys , I swear I wasnand # 8217 ; t ignoring you all ! ) .	1
Also , I drew the Jonas brothers .	0
Iand # 8217 ; m not really sure what they look like but I was told by the chat that one of them had curly hair and large eyebrows .	0
pa title=Livestream pinup by Rosemary Travale , on Flickrimg width=600 height=976 alt=Livestream pinup / pimg alt= / pAll in all , this post is just chock full of hunky dudes , isnand # 8217 ; t it ?	0
p style=border : 1px solid black ; padding : 3px ; strongOriginally published at a You can comment here or a	0
Super Jonas Brothers !	0
I 'm so glad he has nipples .	0
Hahah !	0
They are very important to the Jonas lifestyleNext time I do a livestream I think I 'm just going to take requests .	0
It will be ridiculous and so fun , I bet	0
Ah .	0
Everyone is doing live stream things , and I keep missing tem ! Also , that looks exactly like the one Jonas brother .	0
Like ... for real .	0
It was just a spur of the moment thing .	0
Next time I promise I 'll give more notice !	0
Since all the LibraryThingers are doing it , the 2007 book poll .	0
I only started actually keeping track in October and I do n't actually own most of the books I read , so I 'm sure I 've forgotten many , and a few from 2006 may have slipped onto the list .	1
But it 's close enough for an end-of-year poll .	0
Starred entries are re-reads .	0
I 'm kind of surprised by how little fiction I ended up reading this year ( that I remember ) .	0
Also , I did n't count casebooks.Check off the ones you 've read too ( not just in 2007 , but anytime ) : diva Poll : Bandwagon book poll/div	0
Richard Powers is a brilliant writer , is n't he ?	0
Yes , very much so !	0
I 'm hoping by the end of next year to finish everything else he 's written .	0
( I read The Gold Bug Variations and Prisoner 's Dilemma in 2006 , and The Gold Bug Variations is one of my top-five favorite novels . )	0
None ! But !	0
`` I am a Strange Loop '' is on the way !	0
Not a single one .	0
Ah.. I love this weather .	1
Nice and humid and sticky during the day with a beautiful storm at night .	0
Absolutely perfect .	0
Jazz in the Pines today was fantastic .	0
Got asked to dance by a lovely man with Down Syndrome who made me look completely uncoordinated ... He was such a fantastic dancer !	0
Photos were apparently taken though ...	0
They must be destroyed at all costs ! ! Anyway ...	0
better get back to working on this essay..	0
I 'm so relaxed about it that I 'm stresing myself out.. if that makes sense ? ?	0
? Peace and Love and Bubbles to Everyone ! ! ! Hmmmmmmm ...	0
I 'm sounding more and more like a hippie as days go by ... : )	0
hahaha you and your never ending love afair with toto !	0
come to the beach on saturday babes !	0
i wan na go again with you this saturday !	0
BRING PEOPLE !	0
AHA !	0
I knew you were on the net while i was on the phone to you ! !	0
! RUDE !	0
but you wrote THAT while we were on the phone ! arr , shut up !	0
*crash tackle*	0
Toto fucking reign supreme ! ! !	0
Yeah ! !	0
! I ca n't babes.. I have to work and move house ! !	1
But you should come bush doofing on the 4th of Nov ! !	0
: ( aww , NOOO !	0
! move house ?	0
where are you moving ? ?	0
do you need any help ? the fourth ?	0
where is this doof ?	0
cause i have 6 days off at the begining of november !	0
from 1-6th .	0
: D x x x	0
This is not shaping up to be a good month .	1
Mishka died , cat keeps peeing in beds , job is annoyed at me because they like to be annoyed at someone , I lost my jean jacket , I need new clothes and have no money , my cat has a urinary tract infection and I 'm broke and will be broker still once I get her medication and a vet visit .	0
jesus christ , it 's only the 5th .	0
theres a reason they created alcohol .	0
! hugs from across the pond !	0
I miss you SO MUCH .	0
When are you going to come visit ? ?	0
Rugby = awesome .	0
Even if i did hurt my nose a bit .	0
Second worse fear aside from hurting my right hand and above hurting a foot .	0
But I 'm alright .	0
We beat ucla 41 - 0 and my goofy mug made it on the evening news in a story thay did about the team.Also , I never noticed until now that Billy Zane makes his first on screen appearnce in `` Back to the Future '' as `` Biff gang member number 2 '' and hes pretty cute in the part .	0
Not to be confused with `` Biff gang member number 3 '' which is duder who sports the 3-D shades .	0
Which I 've been planing on bringing back in style .	0
3D glasses went out of style ?	0
Shoot , no one told me : D. I love my 3D glasses !	0
are you sure that is Zane ?	0
His eyebrows say yes , but the size of his eyes say nay .	0
It is , and 3D guy is Casey Siemezko from Young Guns and other stuff	0
holy moley .	0
wow , I need to watch that again soon .	0
Casey Siemezko is Charlie in Young Guns ... which bothers me because I keep wantin to see him without his beard/mustache and this is the closest thing to it , but he has his 3D glasses ... cant win .	0
a target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket - Video and Image Hosting ''	0
k he 's hot .	0
i love how this started out with Insane for Zane and turned into Racy Casey moment .	0
Casey was on Law and Order : SVU last Tues night .	0
Kinda Creepy : DCheck out 3 o'clock high , he 's not so cool there ; )	0
font color=ff66aetoday after working at macgrill i 'm stopping by bdr .	0
b's/b to pick up my bawesome toothbrush !	0
! /bimg look at that .	0
it SQUIRTS OUT LIQUID TOOTHPASTE/font	0
wow , thats badass , it has a leather pouch too .	0
ill take 2	0
that must be awesome .	1
i mean , i love to suck cock and so it must be like having cum squirt in yo mouf .	0
actually im just gross and bored.but that thing does look sweeeet	0
hahahahahaha	0
This comment was hilarious .	0
Take a bow , Miss Erica .	0
*bows* ( :	0
How much ?	0
I want one .	0
haha oh man I need one of those !	0
Some people are born stupid .	1
Today , I count myself among those ranks .	0
There 's mistaking one drive for another .	0
No big .	0
But mistaking your external drive for the ( extremely ) expendable , empty drive that you 're slaving just to format ?	0
; ____ ; *hug*Was it a full format or a quick format ?	0
Embarrassingly , I ca n't say for sure , but a quick format may have just wiped the file index .. so all the raw data would be still there if you used recovery software.I think .	0
Danke , CrisuIt was a quick format ( a type I normally avoid but thankfully did n't in this case ) , so I 've been running recovery scans on the drive .	0
Everything I 've recovered so far has been corrupted , so hopefully I 'll have better luck with a different sort of scan.It 's terribly frustrating to be able to see every .	0
single .	0
file .	0
that 's on the hard drive , having the recovered file be about the same size as the old one , and then it just ca n't be opened .	0
This is driving me insane !	0
Just got ta keep telling myelf that I scanned this all in , so it 's still recoverable , I did n't lose anything permanently except hours of work but it 's not gone forever , etc , etc.Agh , damn , my brain .	0
ouch ; o ;	0
NOOOO .	0
; ___ ;	0
YEEEES ; _ ;	0
No ... it 's all gone ?	0
Yup .	0
All the raws for the site , everything .	0
What happens now ?	0
Lots of work ... Got ta sit down and rescan everything OTLI 'm so glad I did n't throw away the volumes like I had planned.Considering each volume can take 2+ hours to scan ( and even MORE time to touch up ) , I can kiss my week goodbye .	0
And here I was looking forward to gaming time once the kids started school =/	0
You throw away the volumes ?	0
lol not yet .	0
I was just thinking , since they were debound , that I did n't have much use for them .	0
But I was considering giving pages away for donation prizes , but that 's sort of shitty , is n't it ?	0
Well , the gist of it is I 'm still undecided , and that 's why I had n't thrown anything away yet.Still , I did find out that it 's somewhat possible to unformat a drive ( especially one that 's been quick formatted as I did - hooray for laziness ! ) .	0
So I had the computer on all last night to do a scan , and the program did read my original layout , which is a good sign .	0
Only problem is , after I set up the recovery , it got the files just fine ... they 're just corrupted .	0
I knew it was too good to be true OTL	0
I have an interview tomorrow and I 'm so nervous !	1
I had to do loads of individual interviews to pass the Commisions Board for the Army last July but this is a group interview .	0
I do n't even know what one of those is but just the name worries me .	0
I 'm no good at talking in front of groups of people tht I do n't know when I do n't actually know what I 'm supposed to do .	0
I may not have an acute phobia of crowds like I used to but I still have some hang-ups .	0
Why oh why ca n't they be arsed to do proper interviews .	0
At least I know I can do okay in them =/I do n't even want to work in that shop .	1
I mean Topshop ... . blegh it 's so stylish and normal .	0
I 'm officially selling out to get money .	0
If the last paragraph made no sense then why not develop some English skills and try again.Your quote does n't anger me , it actually made me laugh .	0
Me , judgemental ?	0
XD I 'm the most open-minded person I know .	1
My friends are of all races , social backgrounds , religions and sexualities .	0
I never tell people that I 'm right and they 're wrong .	0
You 're the only one of us who is judgemental to the point of 'sin ' .	0
The bible teaches you to love everyone and not to judge .	0
'Let him who is without sin cast the first stone ' .	0
Jesus/God is the only one permitted to judge people in your religion .	1
You seem to be doing a good job in forgetting that with all of your 'you will go to hell ' talk .	0
How very un-Christian of you .	0
Carry on trying to argue with me if you will , but you wo n't get anywhere .	1
I have no problem with Christianity .	0
It is a beautiful message to humanity and although I do n't believe that Jesus was the son of your God , I have a lot of respect for his teachings .	0
No , it 's the Christians like you that piss me off .	1
You act so 'holier than thou ' but at the end of the day , you try to put everyone into little socially conforming boxes and judge them by that .	0
My friends are of all races , social backgrounds , religions and sexualities.What is your problem ?	0
I never said anything about having issues with other races .	0
You make so many false accusations and it 's getting really annoying .	0
I never accused you of racism .	0
I was merely stating that I am not judgemental in the least as you seemed to imply .	0
Well you seemed to imply that I was racist .	0
And I was talking about my friends stupid .	0
I 've never heard you be racist nor assumed you were racist so sorry if you felt I implied such a thing .	0
Do you mean that you were talking about your friends being judgemental or your friends thinking I am judgemental ?	0
I had a group interview once when I applied at Hollywood Video a while back .	0
It was me and two other people , and basically the interviewer just sat us down in a room and asked us questions , and we 'd take turns answering , and at times she 'd ask us questions that just pertained to ourselves that the others did n't have to answer.It was n't too bad .	0
I wish you luck !	0
can you please take me off your friend list ?	0
If that 's what you want .	0
Personally I think that it 's a little immature to ask such a thing just because you do n't use littleoogie anymore .	1
It 's not like I was involved in your removal from the site .	0
I 've only ever defended myself , not insulted you .	0
Whatever .	0
Maybe I just do n't like you .	0
Then go cram your twisted views of the bible down someone elses throat ( yes they are twisted .	0
Most of the people you insulted know more about the bible than you ) Maybe one day you 'll learn to question things and not accept every little thing you are told to believe .	0
Until then , leave this bisexual pagan to 'sin ' in peace.I never could stand narrow-minded , ignorant bigots and I only put up with you because you are young .	0
Go do some soul searcching and grow up .	0
Wow , somebody 's grumpy .	1
All I said was i dont like u and you bring up every wrong thing I 've done since you met me .	0
And I never crammed my twisted veiws down your throat , I simply told you that I was right and you were wrong .	0
And no , they do n't know more about the Bible than me .	0
They just think they do .	0
And there 's nothing wrong with being a narrow-minded , ignorant bigot .	0
And maybe I do n't want to grow up .	0
Maybe I 'd like to enjoy my childhood while it still exists , I only have a couple more years .	0
Let 's review shall we .	0
In the last post you admitted to doing 'wrong ' things and yet you claim to be 'right ' whereas I 'm wrong .	0
You are almost as hypocritical as the book you claim to know so well .	0
And yet , for example , when the topic of ghosts was brought up , you claimed not to believe in them .	0
When asked 'but did n't one appear in the bible ' you adamantly replied 'no ' .	0
But it did .	0
Hence these people know it better than you .	1
There is a fine line between clinging to your childhood and being old before your time .	0
To be quite frank , you sound like my 91 year old Great-Grandmother .	0
For her it 's excusable as she was born when times where very different .	1
In you the trait is most repulsive .	0
There is EVERYTHING wrong with being a bigot .	1
Think Nazi Germany .	0
I meant all the things you thought I did wrong , which actually were n't wrong .	0
And I meant ghosts that just go around haunting houses and stuff , not spirits sent from God .	0
And I know the Bible way better than them .	0
And that last paragraph made no sense at all .	0
And just to annoy you , here 's the quote of the day : Time to put the mental in judgemental !	0
-my bffl	0
I got me some mona-mail today , and I am really trying to figure out what to send a painting in .	0
It 's a bit big for normal packaging ... a flat box perhaps ?	0
well anyways I have been listening to a lot of animal collective today .	0
It gets my crush high a bopin .	0
Tomorrow means mail sending , job applying , and magic-o-tone music for my ears .	0
hurray !	0
woo hoo !	0
span class='ljuser ljuser-name_vergeoffrenzy ' lj : user='vergeoffrenzy ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= ' src= ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' out the icon .	0
I totally thought of you right away	0
Is it the snakes on a plane one ?	0
I think I may go see that just for the hell of it .	0
It will most likely end up imploding ... just because .	1
img ma .	0
the second floor of tim 's house .	0
thank you !	0
it 's so cozy	0
yeah , i like that it manages to be clearly very nice and ritzy while still being cozy and home-like .	0
Over the next few weeks I 'm going to be moving out of my house , spending a good chunk of the time at internet-less relatives ' houses before I get into an apartment .	0
Things have come to a head with my father , and I need to get the fuck out of Dodge .	0
I may be able to post from school , but considering I need to get my act the hell together or else I 'm going to be isuspended/i , it 's not likely.Drave - I 'll do my best to get my new address to you as soon as possible.Rikki and Cristina - I 'm banking on Mom talking Prosecutor von Karma into letting me keep my phone if I give them money every month for it .	0
Everyone else - godspeed , I 'll see you on the other side .	0
I could n't do anything else , love .	0
You know that .	0
( I 've got a ireason/i to stay safe now .	0
andhearts ; )	0
Oh , like you did n't have a reason before , huh ?	0
Yeah , but ... you 're a better reason than not proving the bastards at my high school right .	0
Hmm ...	0
I suppose so .	0
*hugs ?	0
*hugs back~*	0
one thing I 've learned .	0
You wont get anywhere if you dont get started .	0
good luck !	0
Very true .	0
Also , thanks !	0
Good luck , I know you can get everything figured out and put back together , if you put your mind to it.And do n't worry , the net and livejournal will still be here when you return .	0
And I 'm doing my best to do just that .	0
Thank you.Yeah , I know .	0
I hope things work out well for you .	0
: ) Good luck !	0
*hugs*	0
All I can say is good luck , and you 're in my prayers !	0
And thank you for that !	0
Your situation 's balls , but you 'll survive .	0
^_^ Best of luck , ganbatte , etc .	0
etc .	0
Thanks !	0
WTF ! ! ! !	0
! You 're moving ?	0
Into an apartment ? ! ? ! ?	0
AWESOME !	0
Congrats on that !	0
I 'm behind the times obviously !	0
Yay for independence ! ! !	0
... I have no hug icon , so you get Jordan sproclaiming his love for soda water/s sort of hugging the fuel tank ? Thank you , and I 'm sure they 're going to !	0
*hugs back*	0
Good luck .	0
You 'll be in my thoughts , dear .	0
Also ... if you 'd like my cell , just ask .	0
span class='ljedittime'emEdited at 2008-04-01 01:20 am UTC/em/span	0
Thank you !	0
Thus far I 've made it out of the house ... and I 'm now iofficially/i Crystal and Jen 's third roommate.Sent an email regarding that ... you 're still using the gmail account , right ?	0
Congrads for excaping , and good luck in your new home ! Feel free to call any time , Really .	0
And if you need any help , feel free to call my home .	0
I know things have been strained between us , but my family is happy to help you .	1
strikeAll those promeses I made , about my family willing to protect you and give you a home for a while , really is true .	0
We do n't abandon our own .	0
/strike	0
good luck	0
Thanks .	0
andhearts ;	0
I know we already talked about this , but I 'll keep you in my thoughts and prayers .	0
Stay safe and keep me apprised of the situation .	0
I recently redesigned my website to be simpler , and load much more quickly , so now it 's in html instead of flash .	0
( Better to read you on a mobile device , my dear .	0
) Anyway , with this transition a few weeks ago I added a Wordpress account so that I could have a place to post my ongoing photos , which iyes , /i I do that here too , but a livejournal that I 've written in since 2001 ( 9th grade !	0
ha ) is n't so reputable.Sooo , here is the link : a Add it to your Google Reader or Blogroll or whatever you use , please.The main site is n't fully working yet , like videos loading quickly , but the blog is done .	0
For the most part I wo n't be posting here anymore except for comments and communities .	0
So if you want to keep updated on anything in my life , head on over.a shopThat is all = )	0
beautiful site !	0
are you a professional photographer ?	0
if not , what do you do ?	0
Well , I went to school for digital design so my profession revolves around motion graphics and interaction .	0
But photography is my love more than either of those , and I 've had real photo gigs , so I guess I am a professional photographer now = )	1
you 're on my google reader , which means you 're truly a somebody .	1
And I am a balla .	0
( I think I am on your friend 's google reader now , too ?	0
I was looking at my stats , was a little confused , but then I saw she mentioned Furman and then on her twitter she @ 'd you , so yay !	0
I at least have two google reader-ers .	0
People reading it up on google .	0
i need to get a google reader or something .	0
instead i 've been sitting at home watching tv shows on the internet , letting my unread delicious bookmarks stack up and chattingandmaking drinks with my roommate .	0
oh motivation , you are illusive .	0
Motivation is hard .	0
It took me like 3 years to get a reader and I do n't know why I did n't before , it is extremely daunting to have to click the sites I want to read on to see if they 've updated .	0
( Or at least , it is when they number in the hundreds .	0
) Anyway , one downside is that the design of google reader is kinda ugly so I 'd suggest installing this custom CSS to the page so it is a lot better designed .	1
Ross mikeget myspace	0
Moi ?	0
I a one , I just do n't use it as LiveJournal is heads and shoulders a better place for blogging .	0
Mike really likes the idea of you making one for him , so i doubt he will make one	1
i will when i have time .	0
prolly this monday	0
font color=ff66ae Abby is asleep on my lap right now and she 's snoring .	0
i 'm so in love.andlt ; /font./font	0
i bet that dog is NOT snoring .	0
word up bethany anne riddledanza	0
welcome to dog mom-hood .	0
i 'm so in love with my boy .	0
I 'm going off on modern art rants in somebody else 's journal .	0
Make me stoooooop .	0
... I really should go see about getting into NKU and going into art history , should n't I .	0
I want to see this rant ... like for srs.Malia-chan goes to NKU ...	0
Yes , yes you should~ Nothing wrong with art rants though !	0
Apparently .	0
: DIMO , art history andgt ; actual history , sometimes .	0
MODERN ART RANT WHERE	0
You should put your modern art rants here .	0
I would read them .	0
andhearts	0
I do n't know you , but I second this comment !	0
YES ART HISTORY IS THE SHIZZ	0
Your enthusiasm is very persuasive !	0
Did ieveryone/i flip out over that story at iexactly the same time/i or what ?	0
I guess ?	0
XD It 's not only that , though ; it 's more conceptual art in general .	0
I feel kind of compelled to defend it , considering this piece of hackneyed attention-whore schlock is going to enter a lot of people 's minds as typical ... .	1
Show me the rant , and i 'll poke holes in your theory.PS : Happy late birthday .	0
All right , requests were made for me to update more frequently , so I guess I 'll do that .	0
andgt ; : E To answer questions from the previous update - no , my wife is not going with me - I am going to be in New York for a total of 30 hours to ice skate and act a fool with a bunch of internet geeks .	0
Not dreadfully exciting , really .	0
Other than that , things continue to go well .	0
I have to finish up a complete website by saturday , that 's going to be a tremendous pain in the ass and I am afraid of not being able to pull it off .	1
That 'll be a bitch , to be sure .	0
andgt ; andlt ; Ah well .	0
Just need to get cracking and stop dicking off with stupid things like updating my Livejournal .	0
=P Yule is almost upon us all , and the more pagan-minded among us should remember that Yule is the ultimate excuse to stay up all night , preferably get tanked , and have a huge scream-fest outside in the bitter cold at dawn .	0
Good times .	0
It should be done .	0
lol ... ... Give the man what he wants ... ..I 'll go away now .	0
*kiss*	0
Awe ... too bad I cant pump into you in NY .	0
Being the more pagan minded amonst those who actually know you IRL , and live 10 blocks away , this would be a good time to mention that we do stay up all night , drink , celebrate , and what not .	0
You should come over ... we 'll save a what-not for you .	0
Yes , well , that would be me .	0
*sigh* Did n't log in , sorry .	0
hey , remember that one x-mas years and years ago when we *did* stay up all night , get tanked , and had a huge scream-fest , but not outside ... it was more an ... indoor type of activity .	0
without clothing .	0
back in the day .	0
hee !	0
Daaaaaaaaamn .	0
I want to meet you in the flesh sometime , y'know ?	0
you should come to salon this wednesday .	1
it is resuming , after a week 's hiatus , and it will be full of wonderful things .	0
especially because many people have not been in a while .	0
come !	0
Kenton , je serai la. -- -- -Charles Baudelaire	0
wednesday evening , love will win out !	0
I HOPE CHARLES MAKES IT	0
Kenton , you are the strangest and most cuddlybear person I know .	0
So uh , I think I can actually go to a I know , I 'm baffled , too !	0
Who 's with me ?	0
WHAT WHAT WHAT ? ? ? ! ! ?	0
! We are GOING , I INSIST.Also , Tyga !	0
Also also , I like the few I Am The Avalanche songs I 've heard !	0
Oh , heck , I need to know what time it is going to be !	0
Because I 'll have to be home by 10am the next morning so I can take the bus and train to Chicago to see MCR .	0
Hey have you heard any more about this ?	0
Because the date is fast approaching .	0
Who do you think we would contact about this ?	0
No , I have n't .	0
Perhaps we could comment on that post in span class='ljuser ljuser-name_gymclassheroes ' lj : user='gymclassheroes ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= ' src= ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='16 ' height='16 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' and ask for more details ?	0
Oh , I found this thing about it by searching the WSU website : a at least tells us a little more info .	0
YOU HAVE TO GO ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	1
TRAVIS IS AMAZING ON STAGE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	0
! NOW I AM OFF TO WATCH PANIC ON SNL ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	0
*DRUNK*	0
Hahahaha , I am so delighted by you right now .	0
a alt= '' NerdTests.com says Iand # 39 ; m a Cool High Nerd .	0
Click here to take the Nerd Test , get nerdy images and jokes , and write on the nerd forum !	0
`` The SciFi/comic is wrong as there were no questions about books it was all movies/TV and comics .	1
The majority of my unread books are SF and F. After my morning walks I spend the rest of the day with my leg elevated except for meal prep .	0
I am not supposed to drive yet so am dependent on friends for transportation .	0
I do n't have anything urgent to go out for but I feel the urge to leave the house .	0
I 'm glad to be home but it is lonely after having people to talk to at every meal the past week and a half .	0
It does get lonesome after a while .	0
Hmm ... you are settled now and not on the road any more .	0
Have you considered getting a pet ?	0
I have considered getting a pet but decided against it .	0
I still want to do some travel but it wo n't be by RV .	0
If I can swing it I want to spend some time both in the Midwest and the Pacific Northwest each year .	0
Also next year I want to go to England to visit my sister .	0
I guess the radio/TV function as dinner time companions but the conversation is pretty one sided .	0
Having you here for part of the summer would be a treat !	0
img id= '' 1 '' > I never thought I would miss Connecticut quite so much .	0
driving to cider donuts , pumpkin patches , crunching through the leaves in the yard , apple cider , christmas shopping .	0
that just made my chest hurt .	0
eat a cider donut for me.PS i miss you	0
it makes my chest hurt , too .	0
I do n't even know what it is that makes me miss it because I hate it when I am there ... but I just miss the smell of non-city life , crunching through leaves in my yard , having the freedom of a car .	0
ugh.i miss you : (	0
I miss Connecticut too !	1
Upon my most recent visit , I saw a lawn with flowers that spelled out Norwegian Wood .	0
It 's one of the only places I have ever felt truly at peace .	0
I empathize , truly !	0
I live very close to the norwegian wood place !	0
You are so lucky !	0
That lawn really stuck out in my mind .	0
Sometimes we have to leave our home to find it ... hopefully you have the luxury of returning to CT every now and then .	0
We did it .	0
All of us .	0
We worked and phonebanked and volenteered and gave more money than we could afford , and god , we did it .	0
Tonight I walked through the city and saw it reborn .	0
We hugged and danced in the streets .	0
We high fived and set off fireworks and smiled at stangers .	0
Union Square was a mob scene .	0
We knew triumph and redemption .	0
We got a smarty pants big city guy with a funny name elected president , despite having everything against us .	0
We took our country back.God bless you President Obama .	0
yay .	0
Congratulations darling !	0
I 'm thrilled : )	0
We watched it on TV last night , it was so amazing !	0
I burst into tears of OMG JOY ! ! ! !	0
when I heard .	0
Yeah , I 'm Canadian , but this is the most wonderful thing I 've heard in a bloody long time , and I 'm so , SO happy he won.Congratulations , doll .	0
The USA was reborn yesterday .	0
I was ready to leave the country if McCain won .	0
I 'm glad that I can now stay put and have hope for the US .	1
Obama is much more qualified than McCain .	0
I 'm tired of mediocre presidents .	0
It 's time for someone with some intelligence .	0
Eight years was too much .	0
Why would anyone want Joe the Plumber for president ?	0
Where are these people 's brains ?	0
Is it that the mediocre love the mediocre ?	0
Is there no respect for education ?	0
Does having a brilliant academic career mean nothing ?	0
Evidently , some people would rather elect someone with whom they would enjoy having a beer .	0
I 'd rather elect someone who is competent .	0
I , and many other people , just did ! My apologies for the rant .	0
In total agreement !	0
Kitty and I were in our honeymoon cabin , bundled up on the couch watching Indecision '08 .	0
When Jon Stewart announced `` Barack Obama is the next president of the United States ! ''	0
we changed it to CNN .	0
When they confirmed , we kissed , ran out on the porch overtop the French Broad river , and I screamed for joy at the mountains on the other bank .	0
One of those nights you remember forever.Thanks to everyone who helped make this happen .	0
Would you rather have someone who is breathtakingly beautiful ( we 're talking the hottest thing you have ever seen , pick your jaw up off the floor hot ) but spectacularly dumb ( as in , you ca n't use words more than two syllables around them without having to explain yourself ) , orSomeone who is downright plain ( and that 's being kind ) but is utterly brillant , with whom you can have sparkling conversations and they teach you all sorts of things ? and , this is the big part : Why ?	0
Ah , the `` why '' -- because fun conversation remains fun longer than beauty remains entrancing , to me .	0
But all things are never equal , no two real people would be so perfectly alike in personality that the choice would come down to those factors .	0
And neither is the most important to me , because neither is something a person can control .	0
A plain person can do some things to improve their beauty , and a dumb person can do some things to improve their intelligence , but at the end of the day there 's a natural limit that they were born with and must live with .	0
A person can control iwho they really are/i , though .	0
They can choose to be kind or not , trustworthy or not , etc .	0
One of my adopted brothers is a real sweetheart , but he 'll never be even averagely intelligent .	0
He ca n't help it .	0
His birth mother drank while she was pregnant with him , and he must live with the consequences .	0
I hope so much for him that he 'll find someone who sees him for the sweetheart he is , rather than the einstein he is n't .	0
I have been handed this decision in the past , and have always , always chosen the smart one .	0
Smart is sexy .	1
All-nighter rambling stream-of-consciousness conversations are hotter than ANY face/body combo .	0
Period .	0
Always ( for me ) .	0
Assuming height-weight proportionate in both cases , which can make a difference.Plain.Looks are n't everything .	1
In fact , they usually lead to an artificially inflated sense of worth for the attractive person , and attitudes which usually piss me off to no end .	0
Plus they 'll likely be bad at sex , having never had to put much effort into it and not the intelligence to realize how much fun it can actually be .	0
The 'plain ' girl probably has plenty of things that make her beautiful , if one looks .	0
And there are many measures for that .	0
The intelligence would be a definite aphrodisiac , assuming she knew how to apply it to the situation.Then there are the girls who are pretty dang hot but seem to think they 're plain , yet happen to be Mensa material , AND are flexible as hell and passionate to no end in bed .	0
THOSE are the ones I look for .	0
Drink them up like fine wine .	0
PS , where you been at ?	0
I 've not gotten to talk to you in a while .	0
Hiding .	0
In your closet .	0
That late night crashing noise ?	0
Yeah , that 's me .	0
I choose plain and utterly brilliant because sparkling conversations and learning is smexy .	0
Such a person is interesting and will continue to be interesting and fun to be with .	0
And theres always something beautiful to be found if one looks close enough .	0
No matter how hawt the face/body if they 're spectacularly stupid its a real turn off .	1
Its like seeing something seemingly perfect rot right in front of your eyes once the stupidity appears .	0
Maybe one could ignore it for awhile , but boredness with the lack of intelligence would set in sooner or later .	0
Also , I second the inflated egos and aggravating additudes mentioned above .	0
Although , occassionally there may be one that is very sweet and tries hard at everything , which can balance it somewhat .	0
Altough , you know of course that gorgeous and brilliant is always welcome .	0
andlt ; 333	0
Brilliant and ugly , hands down .	0
But , the answer is very personal to me .	0
Being a being who has spent a good deal of her life interacting with the world through books , writing , and the internet , physicality means very little in my interest of someone .	0
Though , that does n't mean that I do not sometimes find a lovely being who does make me stare and drool and stare.Also , it is a very interesting experience that when one is in love , the  of one 's love inevitably becomes more physically attractive and handsome/beautiful , and as well , sometimes reshapes my idea of what is physically attractive.I really could not abide much time at all interacting with someone who was unintelligent .	0
All other things being equal , I 'd take the intelligent plain one over the dumb beauty .	1
Except if they were both jerks , in which case I 'd stay single .	0
Intelligence and beauty are certainly plusses , but when it comes right down to it , what I 'm really looking for is someone who 's kind , honest , sincere , trustworthy , loyal , and who loves me .	0
I am a Capitalist Whore ! !	1
! I spent $ 235 on a swimsuit today.And I 'm damn proud !	0
I 'll just add that to the list of different types of whore that you are shall I ?	0
: PJesus , what is it made of ?	0
That better be one hell of a swimsuit !	0
baywatch !	0
Is it made out of Truffles ? It 's made out of Truffles I bet .	0
I learnt something.You can sell a swim suit for $ 235Was it a bikini and/or how many square inches of cloth ?	0
? I am trying to work out if there is anything more expensive for the amount of material and direct labour involvedVery Puzzled	0
Taking a break from the happy things posts .	1
Because Christmas is making me rabid with rage .	0
There is no good reason for the news presenter to announce Important Breaking News to let us know that Santa has officially left the North Pole .	0
Especially when the Santa looks like a Fritzl .	0
They even had a stupid computer generated flight path mapped with Santa Fritzl flying between skyscrapers and some expert talking about how Santa bends space and time itself.Maybe I 'll just go hang myself with some tinsel or try and slash my wrists with a turkey baster .	0
Christmas is ridiculous.For I am the Grinch.img	0
Haha , Santa leaving is IMPORTANT BREAKING NEWS ?	0
Wow.I mean , that 's sort of a relief from seeing all the bad stuff that usually goes on .	0
It was so lame , I felt so ashamed and I was n't even the idiot saying it ! Even if some dreadful event had occured I 'm pretty sure they still would have gone ahead with their important breaking news Santa story .	0
Stupid tv .	1
christmas is putting a huge amount of stress on me and causing so much anxiety .	1
and that doesnt even get into the money im spending when im broke and i have rent coming up ... and all these manditory family encounters that stress me the fuck out , the rest of the year im pretty successful at avoiding my parents .	0
but then the holidays come around and there is really no escaping them .	0
Arrrgh , I guess I 'm lucky in that I do n't really have much family so all I have to worry about is my grumpy Dad.At least you have your sister there to remind you to breathe , it 's such a shitty time of year especially with worrying about money as it is .	0
You really do n't need the added crazy of family on top of it all .	0
I hope you have a good one though or at least a mediocre one .	0
My family ceased normal x-mas stuff when mom and dad split.Now we call .. send cards and if we see something we know someone can use or would like .. we get it , regardless the time of year ...	0
When did your parents split ?	0
Like , how old were you ?	0
Because that completely sucks if it was while you were still pretty young.It sounds like a nice situation though , that you all get in contact and make an effort for each other .	0
in many ways mom and dad splitting was not normal ... they remained friends until he remarried , and now it 's just awkward for them to talk much ...	0
I was in college when they split ... but my youngest sibling was 12 and I think it was rough on him .	0
not holiday stuff , just the split in general .	0
Oh , that 's got to have been strange .	0
I mean , when the parents remain friends there 's always that subconcious hope that they might , maybe get back together or perhaps they 've made a big mistake by splitting.Gah , I can see why it was so rough for your brother .	1
12 is such a fragile age !	0
ya it is , and in some respects , part of him is still back there in time .	0
well if we have the money to do so of course ... LOL	0
Plexiglas Savior would like to be clear : He 's never hurt someone he did n't loveHe 's never loved someone he did n't hurt He 's a bruise on a Valentine chocolateA Get Well Card that 's dusted with AnthraxHe was absent during Forgiveness TimeDo n't expect his mother to write a noteShe 's busy wringing her telephone handsCalling God ridiculous pseudonymsPlexiglas Savior says that he 's sorryHe never loved you enough to hurt youHe will paint your portrait with his semenFestoon your hedges with longing shot betsAnd promise that he 'll never let you go	0
's good .	0
I 'd lose the 'dusted with anthrax ' bit .	1
Feels dated .	0
And did you take a look at the poem I just posted ?	0
... you 're a bad , BAD MAN ! ! ! ! !	0
! I 'm sooooo glad you 're my friend !	1
My world is far spicier and tasty with people like you in it !	0
Hope to see you Wednesday ... xoxoxoxorykthe rykking ryk of rockr to the y to the motherfuckin ' k !	0
( ... .nope , they ALL sound stupid ... ..just call me '' ryk '' )	0
Hey you , I e-mailed you at leshppoet about featuring check it and get back to me .	0
I watched Blood Moon with a friend tonight , and was then inspired to draw a ( somewhat psychedelic ? )	0
werewolf.a name= '' cutid1 '' name='cutid1-end '	0
So cool !	0
I love the use of color , oh my god ; the pink just adds this edge ( haha , literally ) that highlights the scary .	1
Thank you !	0
I have always found werewolves so frightening and so sexy .	0
Nice .	0
I like this .	0
: ) What do you use to draw with , do you have a tablet ?	0
I have a friend who works at another haunt and has a werewolf prosthetic .	0
I should look into asking for a remnant ...	0
Mmm .	0
andgt ; : ) *growl*	0
Yeah .	0
Photoshop is my weapon of choice .	0
That 's awesome .	0
I 'm always a big fan of werewolves !	0
And your artwork !	0
border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' It 's not done yet- the hair really bothers me , I 'm going to fix that- I want more value in the drips so I 'm gon na redo the soap ground- and I 'm going to add another texture on the bottom also made with soapground , but other than that- I 'm okay with it.It 's getting there .	0
I think it 's lovely .	1
I 'm especially drawn to the background .	0
.Hello , btw .	0
I 've been lurking around your journal for a while .	0
I love your art and I think your photography is absolutely gorgeous .	0
Would you mind if I friended you ?	0
Feel free !	0
You do n't have to ask !	0
Hurray !	0
Lol I like to ask so when i start commenting people have some inkling of who I am .	0
http : /nachronaut.com/shows/satellitesinai/satellite-photo01.jpg '' Just finished shooting for the first of a series of short webisodes for what might become something akin to a sci-fi Sesame StreetSome shots of my set/ space module we threw together on the fly.a name= '' cutid1 '' http : /nachronaut.com/shows/satellitesinai/satellite-photo02.jpg '' http : /nachronaut.com/shows/satellitesinai/satellite-photo03.jpg ''	0
Neat !	0
This is thrown together on the fly ? ? ?	0
Hats off , then !	0
the fire extinguisher is a nice detail : )	0
smart water bottle	0
Hah !	0
Nice.By the way ... ..I was trying to find a photo of the jellyfish you 'd make from plastic sheeting and so did a Google search for `` anachronaut jellyfish '' .Success , as you were the first result .	1
The second , however , was this :	0
coooooooooooolll : D	0
Maybe it 's the cold weather but lately all I 've been doing is reading , studying and going to brunch .	0
I 'd forgotten how great breakfast food is and how intensely boring studying for exams is .	0
I think this current unit is entirely exams !	0
Big yawn.img yes , I 've also been obsessively watching Big Brother UK ie .	0
the best and most hilarious BB .	0
I thought they could n't top the albino black American guy with the insane temper from last year but they did .	0
The Iranian Captain Hook look alike with the costume wardrobe is my new style inspiration .	0
Oh Siavash , be still my heart.My anxiety stuff is at a bad point again , I 'm losing so much hair and I have panic attacks in my sleep .	1
It 's ridiculous but I 'll figure it out .	1
Everything has an answer , right ?	0
How is everybody ? /	0
Yeah , really good .	1
She was so , so messed up , even before the drugs !	0
I read another book about her life and it was so tragic but I would like to read another book so I think I will try this one .	1
I was scanning through my flist to try and find something and had n't read new updates yet when I saw this picture and was like OMG MARCUS hahah .	0
I love Rodrigo ( :	0
Yes !	0
I love Rodrigo !	0
Marcus is so terrible and so 80 's , he 's always going on about how cool he is and he lives with his Mum and collects action figures .	0
So funny .	1
Lisa and Noirin drive me crazy .	0
Grrr .	0
I 'm .. still kickin ' ... Tired ... but still here .	0
Awwww , you need a kip : )	0
A little nap or 5 would do me good : ) ... So would a year off ... ; ) LOL	0
i love the celebrity one with PETE BURNS when they stole his gorilla jacket !	1
everything about PB is sooo .	0
i do n't even know how to describe it .	0
beautiful in an other-worldly way.and i love your mini computer .	0
when i get a new one , i really just want another 12 or 13 inch like my current one , but then do n't have any in that size that arent also BULKY or have bad keys or something.hee is the pink thing webcam paranoia ? and i love your posts !	0
: D its a cold summer here in new york 's capital disctrict .	0
Total webcam paranoia !	0
Ever since I saw that Dr Phil about how people can spy on you through your webcam I 've been covering it up .	0
Hahaha , never again will I watch Dr Phil ! The mini computer 's are great , but like you said , these ones have bad keys .	1
It 's a pain in the ass to type because only half the keys actually register .	1
Everyone I know who has gone on holiday gets a cold , is it really windy or something ? Also , I LOVED that season of celebrity BB .	1
Pete was so mean to Jodi Marsh , it was hilarious !	0
I have Goddess but I have not read it yet .	0
Any good ?	0
div align=friends only .	0
comment to be added./div	0
OKAY : )	0
add please ?	0
your icons make me all warm inside .	0
awwww !	0
you have a format icon , so definitely .	1
We 're marry .	0
what ?	0
cool .	0
madeleineeleineeleineeleineeleine i miss you .	0
haha !	0
why ?	0
i do n't know it was random.i do though .	0
ok weirdo	0
hey i 'm really not	0
One word for ya : ibAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHwHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! w ! ! !	0
! /i/b	0
dude , you 're the one with a lollerskates icon .	0
that 's hilarious !	0
yo , woman .	0
Add me.I know .	0
I 'm slow and antisocial or something .	0
mrrrr okay maybe	0
Haiisleep deprived so [ insert witty comment ] add ?	0
well , hello .	0
First of all , how did you find me/do I know you ? Second of all , if you still want to add me , do so on span class='ljuser ljuser-name_lungsexplode ' lj : user='lungsexplode ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= ' src= ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' if that comment sounded bitchy	0
why ? jadoo is the coolest guy ever .	0
hahahahahahaha !	0
oh wow .	0
add please ?	0
you have good music taste	0
Okay , you 're added !	0
hey it 's span class='ljuser ljuser-name_cutthestrings ' lj : user='cutthestrings ' style='white-space : nowrap ; text-decoration : line-through ; 'a href= ' src= ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' new journal .	0
add me andlt ; 3	0
add me ?	0
Just a few Christmas pics for ya ... a target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' a target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' a target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' One of the many handmade gifts from Moma target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' a target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' a target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' a target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' a target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' a target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' a target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' a target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' a target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' Apparently I can still play.a target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' a target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' Mom 's handmade gift to mea target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' Paul 's gift to me ( yes !	0
) a target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' Paul 's sister Virginia drew this ! a target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' /	0
The Post-It Notes totally look like something i 'd do ! i LOVE the diorama with the tree !	1
So cute ! !	0
Is n't my Mom just wicked talented ?	0
Yes ; it 's fabulous ! !	0
Thanks !	0
We call it `` Allie 's happy place . ''	0
what a creative family !	0
handmade gifts are the best.. your mom is amazing !	0
: D happy new year ! !	0
Indeed , haha !	0
Thanks , hope you had a good New Years !	0
img style= '' '' src= '' listen , all of you should check out this new record ... Slow evening at home with cup of tea and listening to the kind of music that totally fills your mind up .	0
And also reading andquot ; The Hobbitandquot ; at intervals .	0
Pleasant.p style= '' clear : all '' Title for a review of this record : `` Notes toward Wakefulness '' Update : Whole record available as an audio stream here : a ? id=14104 '' ? id=14104	0
... how much out of the loop am I to have had no idea there was a new Robyn record out ?	0
So , um , thank you for pointing it out .	0
Have to run off to Play.com to get myself a copy right now .	0
Wow , you did n't know ?	0
Yes , by all means go get a copy .	0
This is a great , great record .	1
I keep hearing people say things like `` best record since Element of Light '' and `` Best Record since I Often Dream of Trains '' -- I 'm hesitant to say that kind of thing because I 'm not a critic ; but it is certainly in a league with Robyn 's very best work .	0
The Venus 3 come together as a band in a way I do n't think they really did on O ' Tarantula , and it just touches me very deeply .	0
Let me know what you think of it !	0
It is streamable from YepRoc -- matter of fact I should update the post with a link to that .	0
Hm , well YepRoc 's site is not online right now .	0
But you should be able to follow a link and get a page with a link to YepRoc 's Goodnight Oslo page , which has an audio stream of the record .	0
When tearing up hot peppers with your hands for dinner ... do n't scratch your naughty bits .	0
I thought I was going to die .	0
foolI could have told you this	0
Well I wish you had , it would have saved me the experience of crying while curled up in the fetus position in my bathtub .	1
Well it 's more fun this way - having shared my pain.Of course in my case it was my eye - but it does n't take a genius to figure out if it hurts my eye it 's going to hurt your bits	0
Am I being really dense ... or do we have lectures on Saturdays ? a tell me I 'm being stupid , I rather like my Saturdays .	0
Yes there are lectures on Saturdays .	0
On the upside you do n't actually have to attend any of the lectures if you do n't feel you need to .	0
Looks that way to me.Oh dear .	0
gah ! !	0
wtf ? !	0
but ... but ... but ... it 's like the universal law , Saturday is for slacking off	0
yupyup .	0
saturday=lecture day .	0
so fun ! ! !	0
ack ... great , that 'll be a change to my usual saturday routine of sleeeeeeeeeep	0
ouuuu .	0
but sleeping too much isnt good for you .	1
i 've found this out .	0
if i stay in bed too long , my body aches and my muscles feel dead .	0
they need to be exercised ! !	0
think i 'm getting old ... did n't happen before i went back to china .	0
Meeep , i 'd choose sleep over lectures anytime ... poor you O_O Losing sleep is not good for the heart !	0
oh dear , did n't you know ?	0
sorry : ( it 's also v. likely you 'll have super supervisions ( get it ? ? ?	0
: P ) on saturdays too .	0
I think sundays are for rest ( I hope ) .mmm I 'm home tomorrow sometime after 6/7 , wan na come round then ?	0
If not , make it friday ... Or I could go round yours ?	0
Delivering me books is n't that important so it 's ok if you just hand me a bunch sometime later ... EEEEEEEEEE I HAVE A SECRET SHHHHH will tell when i see you .	0
... oh you poor thing .	0
w0w i 'm so fucking intoxicated , do n't tell anyone ! andlt ; 3	0
Spell check *nods* andlt ; 3	0
My lips are sealed now !	0
I 'd suggest we drink together but I 'm pretty sure we live on complete opposite sides of the world .	0
I 'm pretty sure we do = ( I live in Australia ... andlt ; 3	0
Canadiastan : [	0
ow where abouts ? My good friend lives in Vancouver .	0
I hope to get out there to study in around 1.5 - 2 years time .	0
Maybe we can get drunk together then ? andlt ; 3	0
just outside of Toronto .	0
Not exactly close to Vancouver .	0
Hai thar !	0
You 're a couple hours from me..	0
I 'm in the outskirts of Rochester , NY !	0
oh ... that 's like on the other side yeah ? Still though , same continent =Dandlt ; 3	0
how do you spell intoxicated , when you are intoxicated ?	0
This is for span class='ljuser ljuser-name_agentwade ' lj : user='agentwade ' style='white-space : nowrap ; text-decoration : line-through ; 'a href='http : /gentwade.livejournal.comrofile '' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href='http : /gentwade.livejournal.com/'bagentwade/b/span .	0
You can laugh if you want , but I doubt you 'll understand what I 'm trying to say.My favorite band is fifty cents ! !	0
I 'm just playing with you .	0
: :sniffs : : Wellll , okeee ... -Me	0
: :pout !	0
: : You 're just trying to ruin my fun ! -Me	0
Yes ... I am !	0
: ) But seriously , this one is way over everyone 's head ... .	0
: :sniffles and feels unloveded : :-Me	0
That 'll learn you !	0
: :whimpers , sniffling pathetically in a corner : :-Me	0
YOU WILL BOW BEFORE TYRANNY AND GREED ! ! !	0
WAHHHHHHHHHHH-Me	0
Normally I 'd apologize , but since it 's you , I am enjoying this fray !	0
Amber got married today , and it was a beautiful wedding ! Congratulations Mr. and Mrs. Beaugrand ! I love you both ! ! ! ! ! ! P.S .	0
Right now I 'm visiting at my mom 's house .	0
Some kids came up to the door banging on it a million times and ringing the doorbell a crapload of times .	0
When I did n't answer the door , some lady screamed , Turn your damn porch light off then ! Fuck you , bitch .	0
I do n't have to do SHIT to my house -- - it 's YOUR children who are trespassing on my mom 's property , not me .	1
Get fucked.Breeders are so disgusting .	0
Well.You do n't owe it to them or anything , but it is kind of shitty to have your lights on on Halloween when you are n't there / are n't planning to answer .	0
Now normally I would agree , to be courteous , but I was just visiting her house and the lady who yelled at me was SO rude about it .	0
Like it was the WORST crime ever because we accidentally left our light on .	0
They ( or someone but probably them ) threw an egg at my mom 's house later .	0
... bitches .	0
srsly .	0
we 're at my nana and papa 's house in auburndale and it 's like the happenin ' neighborhood to bring your kids to trick or treat ( because it 's nice and safe I guess ) , so we put up a sign on the door that clearly said , New Baby sleeping !	1
Please do not disturb !	0
and we still had four or five kids knock and ring the doorbell .	0
the porch light was off too .	0
jerks .	1
see , that 's what I do n't get .	0
I can understand why people knocked on our door at least ( although not the part about them harrassing/egging us ) but to do what they did to you guys is just rude .	0
font size=1I lovvvvvvvve you .	0
You looked so beautiful .	0
andlt ; 3Fucking breeders .	0
I hate them all./font	0
lj-embed id= '' 3 '' t least i had a good round .	0
hey when do you play ?	0
my roomies are big BLZBLU fans and my ex specifically plays rachel as well .	0
I liked ur combos .	0
Is your username GeneralKite ?	0
thats what i can tell from the video .	0
How are you playing this , Xbox or PS3 ?	0
roomie says : After ending the combo with a sword poke and staggering them , instead of using a lightening rod , try using a frog instead .	0
Also , immediately after you put the frog out , do 3c towards the enemy .	0
Its sets up for really nice follow-ups with an air throw or something similar .	0
frog is usually too far out unless its against a wall .	0
and even so the enemy techs sometimes to the direction of the frog going passed it .	0
iuno ... all the properties seem goofy .	0
im still getting used to the game .	0
im still under 200 games on my live account.GENERALKITE xboxlive :3	0
i figured it out .	0
frog is character specific .	0
bigbigbbKill Ka vol .	0
1/big/big/b/ba cutid1img width=333 height=500 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= /model : Aimeeimg width=500 height=333 alt= /img width=500 height=333 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= /Aimee with a henchmanimg width=500 height=333 alt= /model : Marshaimg width=500 height=333 alt= /makeup : Laurenimg width=333 height=500 alt= hotog in actionimg width=333 height=500 alt= /img width=500 height=333 alt= /img width=500 height=333 alt= /img width=500 height=333 alt= /img width=500 height=333 alt= /img width=500 height=333 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= hotographer : Ka Xiongimg width=333 height=500 alt=CA 041 /img width=333 height=500 alt= /Jamesimg width=333 height=500 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= /Final product photos here : a	0
Awesome ... packard plant photos shoots are tha shiiiitExcept I 'd be afraid to be flaunting fake guns in that area of Detroit .	1
I 'm a pansy .	0
Could you possibly post the final product photos ?	0
It wo n't let me view any on the flickr account : )	0
u so hot !	0
bigbigbbKevy G /big/big/b/bimg width=333 height=500 alt= cutid1img width=333 height=500 alt= /checking the weather.img width=500 height=333 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= /img width=500 height=333 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= /I need to take pictures of him wearing those red scrubs I love so much !	0
Hehe .	0
add me ?	0
of course .	0
I like the grass pics as well.I 'd hit it	0
I added you = ] Gosh , your pictures are perfect .	0
You 've got a lot of talent !	1
your bandWs are always the best .	0
the pictures of him in the grass look the most legit i think .	0
especially that first one .	0
damn ! andddddd i dont know what to think about his outfitttt .	0
added you , i hope that you dont mind ! your pictures are gorgeous !	0
the trophy scars pictures you have on myspace are just fabulous !	0
i dont mind at all .	0
thank you !	0
he 's hotnice shots !	1
thanks , bbg !	0
andlt ; 3	0
oh he 's cute	0
I wonder where that long ass grass came from ?	0
Oh yes , ITS IN YOUR FRONT YARD !	0
haha get some nasty shoes on , its time to cut the grass baby !	0
haha someone did today .	0
img alt= height=450 width=300man.. i just watched that .	0
life is good .	1
img alt=	0
lol i totally watched that today too.it was on at like 11 or something .	0
it 's soooo gooooood ! well maybe not great but still ... oh mario bros andlt ; 3 ... i 'm gon na go play that right now !	0
whhen do you not work next missy ?	0
Ive free for quite a while and damnit !	0
we 're going to way cool !	0
i will have to look into it because i have some appnts that day .	1
but i think june 12th [ monday ] i could meet you downtown oakville for le cafe et hole punching : ) prolly around 2:30ish i think .	0
what do you think ?	0
sounds good ? but let me just make sure with everything ok girl ?	0
omg yesi need to see that again to remember how bad it was ; D	0
yes i know ! ! ! !	0
i saw it in theatres ! it 's so bad and yet.. i love it .	1
i love mario and nintendo too much not to like this ya know ?	0
also.. i always wanted a little bob-omb after i saw it.. he 's so cute ! !	1
so great.. love it.. is n't there a dance part ?	0
they go to a disco or something and everyone does a dance.. heheh.. i shouldn ' t know that .	0
you know i actually missed the beginning .	0
i ca n't remember a dancing part.. i know they get all the goombas to dance to distract them and escape !	0
yes ! !	0
i remember that part.. hahah ... mario bros.. : )	0
^_^	0
hahaha i love this movie .	0
i know !	0
i mean ... who could n't ! ahh ... my brother and i were saying how we wished it really pushed the whole mario thing and had ALOT more to do with mario bros the game .	0
span class='ljuser ljuser-name_mshollie ' lj : user='mshollie ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= '' ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' and I enjoyed seeing The Princess and the Frog yesterday .	0
As a film with both New Orleans and frog themes , how could we resist going ?	0
I was favorably impressed .	1
I 'm not a big fan of post-WWII Disney animation , but I think this is one of their best .	0
The animation is excellent , with interesting effects such as different styles for sequences showing characters ' fantasies .	0
Interesting characters and pretty good plot , with a good amount of nuance to keep things interesting for the adults in the audience while entertaining the kiddies .	0
The use of sterotype Southern accents , a I 've mentioned too common in films set in New Orleans was unfortunately not avoided , and at first was quite distracting .	0
I thought just a couple plot of twists were too incredible even after accepting the conceits of people changed into frogs and talking animals .	0
The comic relief scruffy Cajun lightning bug and the Voodoo Shadow Man villian characters were overly broad.Overall , however , very well done : fun , some genuine laughs .	1
Reccomended .	0
Though he was overly broad ( and the stereotype bad guy ) , I kinda liked Shadow Man .	0
I 've been in a few tarot discussions on his use of cards and how they were drawn ( by the animators , that is ) .	0
I 'd like to see a full deck based on the movie , but I wo n't hold my breath.While I was in the bookshop looking for presents , there was Tiana 's Cookbook , but I did n't get it because it was too girly for my nephew .	0
Sam and Jorie went to see it , and liked it .	0
Sam had been worried about various forms of Fail implied by the trailers but reports that the movie itself does much better .	0
I loved the movie despite the exaggerations and innaccurate accents..	0
I thought it was something Walt would have made if he were alive at 108. ; P There 's a show about the making of the film still at the NOMA still I think.. til April .	0
bigbigbbHOLLIGRAPH/big/big/b/bimg width=500 height=376 alt= cutid1img width=500 height=333 alt= /img width=500 height=333 alt= /img width=500 height=333 alt= /img width=500 height=333 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= /img width=333 height=500 alt= /img width=398 height=500 alt= /img width=500 height=333 alt= /Ashley gave me these lights a long while back .	0
I 'm glad I used them for the first time the way I did .	0
So bored at Kevin 's some nights./	0
Beautiful !	0
and i like your hat.ps .	0
your journal is lovely ; i added you .	0
horray I have a few of thoes lights too ! !	0
these are funny nude with hat and light !	0
you are clever the panty lines are distracting on yer booty which i am , super jealous that it is not my booty .	0
i am down for a trade if you wan na haul my fat ass of wet laundry !	1
i love them , so so stylish and a great pallet .	1
Your work keeps getting better and better ...	0
ohhhh baby your cuuurves	0
Ca n't believe I 've gone this long without a political rant .	0
Lately , I ca n't even listen to political shit on the radio .	0
Health care legislation ?	0
Change the channel .	0
Corrupt bankers screwed us all ?	0
Change the channel .	0
Any time a Republican says something ?	0
Change the channel right away .	0
Otherwise I 'll just throw up or grind my teeth into little shards.I 've mainly been preoccupied by searching for a new job .	0
Nothing yet .	0
I could rant about that for a while , but it would be even less interesting than usual .	0
It is frustrating , though , how every single job I 'm qualified for requires me to be outgoing .	0
How is an introvert supposed to find an entry-level job ?	0
We 're apparently supposed to fake it .	0
Yeah , basically .	0
XD I am very high on the Introversion scale according to Meyers-Briggs , and in fact identify quite strongly as an introvert .	0
But I 'm lucky enough to be able to fake it pretty damn well ...	0
I have impeccable work-with-others skills .	0
I do not prefer it , but by nature I am submissive , noncombative , noncompetitive , and relatively easygoing , which means I can pull it off and generally people describe me as easy to work with.Now granted , a job that would n't phase an extrovert will often suck me dry and I have to go home and do self-care for sometimes quite a while before I 'm recovered enough to handle the rest of my day , but I can do it.BLA !	0
Yeah , after having to encounter a ton of people I just want to GET AWAY and it 's not really understood in American culture where being quiet and wanting to be alone is supposed to always be a cause for concern .	0
Yep I was going to suggest exactly what span class='ljuser ljuser-name_anne_jumps ' lj : user='anne_jumps ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= ' src= ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' suggested .	0
FAKE IT TIL YOU MAKE IT or whatever that really annoying expression is .	0
I do n't know exactly how you go about that though .	0
The problem is n't really that I ca n't fake it ( although sometimes I ca n't ) , it 's more that it leaves me absolutely exhausted and loathing my job .	0
It depends on the job .	0
The thing to do is find one that has limited interaction with people .	0
That 's not always easy , but still .	0
Receptionist work , for example , is absolutely right out for me .	0
Technical writing ?	0
Great .	0
iAny time a Republican says something ?	0
Change the channel right away .	0
Otherwise I 'll just throw up or grind my teeth into little shards./iI 've been listening to news less lately , too .	0
It 's just all so out of control.About the job thing , I 've always just faked outgoing-ness .	0
In a small office where my boss is my dad and I know the accountant pretty well , and I talk to the same fifteen subcontractors on the phone , it 's not an overly social environment like most other jobs I 've had have been ( which is probably the main reason I do n't have a rapidly developing ulcer right now ) , so I do n't have to be that outgoing .	0
You ca n't really have that kind of set-up though , but a small office might get you pretty close ... But probably that will be hard to find in this economy .	1
It seems like all the jobs out there are sales , or customer service , and neither is pleasant .	0
You might just have to fake it to the max for a while : (	0
so i know i 'm late on this but does anyone want to do the 365 project with me ? i think i will either start monday or next mondaya http : /hotojojo.com/content/tutorialsroject-365-take-a-photo-a-day/http : /hotojojo.com/content/tutorialsroject-365-take-a-photo-a-day/it does n't have to be self portraits .	0
i think it would make my friends list even better if y'all took part too.everyone with=with a=a camera=camera i am looking at you.volunteers ?	0
ok cool .	0
well i 'll put up a post with more details tomo xx	0
i think about doing something like this occasionally .	0
and then think it 's really just a way of adding more inane photography to the deluge already out there .	0
but then maybe it 's a fantastic idea .	0
either way.. nah .	0
ints very subjective though .	1
i mean what seems inane to you might be important to everyone else .	0
anyway its not for the tate fecking modern , its just for fun .	0
i just finished it : ) i did it from mid last year .	0
i did n't so self portraits - just took photos of anything .	0
i really enjoyed i and love seeing other peoples ! ! !	0
you should def do it .	1
have you posted the pictures somewhere online ?	0
i posted them here , in my journal .	0
: ) i think , if you look under my memories you can probably find most of them .	0
: ) i did n't upload the last couple of months yet -- i got slack !	1
but that 's most of them .	0
a youd like thati broke my memory card , so cant do it im afraid x	1
You know I 'm in ; ) I 'm gon na start tomorrow , if I do n't start in asap I 'll not start it at all lol !	1
xxxxx	0
i really should do it .	1
been wanting to for a while , but i 'm rubbish and will forget to do it everyday .	0
but i will start .	0
TODAY .	0
not that i will actually be able to upload anything but ho-hum.so yeah , i 'm in !	0
amazing ! do n't start today though- lets wait and see if anyone else is in then we can all do it together , i think we 'll all be more motivated to do it that way xx	1
alright , let me know when we start !	0
hmm ... . my camera is nothing special but I want to try !	0
ok excellent .	0
i will put up a post about it but maybe we 'll start mon , or wed , mid week .	0
i just need to figure out a way for everyone to see the photos ...	0
Yeah , I 'm up for it , as long as I do n't have to start today ..	0
nope , not today .	0
i 'll let you know xx	0
I have often thought about doing something like this .	0
A few years ago , one of my old art teachers suggested I should do it with her artgroup but then..stupidly I didn't.I think this would be great fun , and interesting .	0
I love keeping a journal etc too so seems only natural .	1
About 12 hours ago Matoko and I made the tough decision that it was time for her cat , Baldric ( aka , bodge ) , to be put to sleep .	1
He 's been fighting off heart troubles , hyperthyroid , and possible kidney issues , and last night , after his latest downturn , we were told that he was experiencing massive kidney failure .	0
He was n't eating , was getting sores in his mouth , and though the vet did say there was a chance to bring him around , it simply would n't last .	0
In the end , I think he was glad that we could all be together when his time came .	0
He sat with us , purred his love for Liz , and then settled down for the injection itself .	0
He was asleep in moments.The house is a little emptier , now , without our big black fighter of a cat .	0
But he 's in a far better place , and he was loved every minute of his life.Ca n't ask more than that.PS .	0
Liz does n't have her phone with her today , so if anyone wants to contact her , use her gmail or just leave a note here .	0
Sleep well , big guy.Poor Bodge .	0
: ( Hugs to you both .	0
I 'm so sorry for your loss .	0
Glad to hear he had a good long life and was loved .	0
andlt ; 3	0
RIP Bodgie .	0
The cyber-kitty is no more .	0
I have many memories of living with him - he was a cat amongst cats .	1
He could bail up cat feeders in the corridor with his hulking shadow and glowing green eyes , he could bite your chin with pinpoint accuracy and keep you warm in the winter .	0
Bye , bye Baldric.Gabby	0
Thanks guys .	0
Liz is reading this , but she does n't trust herself to reply to anything at the moment .	0
She does appreciate the love , though .	0
I 'm really sorry to hear about that .	0
Hugs to the both of you .	0
Yeah , massive kidney failure is usually the end of the journey for a cat .	0
: ( Rest well , big black fighter of a cat ...	0
Oh , no .	0
He was such an awesome guy.Hugs to both of you ... it 's never easy to lose a furry family member .	0
Hugs to you both .	0
Ahhh bugger dude.One of the missus ' cats has kidney disease as well , but it 's being kept in check for now .	0
But , the time will come : ( Farewell feline friend !	0
Totally sending lots of love and hugs , and support for being good cat parents .	0
Baldric , played hard/done good .	0
Oh , I 'm so sorry to hear that .	0
Love to you all .	0
I 'm so sorry to hear the news .	0
*huggles*	0
Condolences and huggles for all .	0
Oh how awful for you both .	1
I still miss my Brodie , 4.5 years on , and I remember how fresh and raw the pain was for the first couple of months .	0
Hugs to both of you .	0
awhugs for you both.I 've not had a cat since I moved out of home .	0
When I get a bigger place I will have one .	1
Cats are lovely x	0
Thanks again , guys .	0
This means a lot to us both .	0
oh no : ( i 'm so sorry to hear that .	0
he had a wonderful life and an even more wonderful family .	0
i will always remember the bodgo song .	0
Oh no , I 'm so sorry .	0
Much love to you both , and to Loiosh and Shampoo .	0
I 'm sniffling here.Let me know if there 's anything I can do : (	0
I 'm sorry to hear of your loss , my condolences to you both .	0
Vale , Bodgeo Fantastico .	0
You were a veritable prince amongst cats .	0
I am so sorry .	0
Hugs for all of you .	0
Nothing I can really say , my love to you both .	0
Wow , that was tough to read .	0
My sympathies and love are with you both .	0
I missed Kings Of Leon on Conan last night .	0
Did they play `` the bucket '' ? ? ?	0
18 , balding ... ..	0
i missed it too.. i fell asleep !	0
hehe	0
I like that song by Kaiser Chiefs .	1
Its real good .	0
Amen ...	0
i knew i forgot something !	0
i missed it too .	0
Yup , they played the bucket	0
how was the performance ? ?	0
exactly like the letterman one if you saw it .	0
It was ok , but they always just seem so nervous on tv	0
... they were on conan last night ? ! ? ! ! ? ! ? ! ? ? ! ! 111111111one ! ? ! ? ! ?	0
They always show it again at 7/6 central on CNBC , or MSNBC , or one of those channels .	0
Hopefully you can catch it tonight !	0
After my post a bit earlier in Windows Safari , span class='ljuser ljuser-name_kurisu ' lj : user='kurisu ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= '' ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' posted a fascinating article on the differences between Windows and OS X ( and now Safari for Windows ) font rendering , which has puzzled me for ages.A quick summary is that Apple want the fonts to look nice , whereas Microsoft want the text to be more readable .	0
I think it 's fair to say that neither is `` better '' , but it 's interesting to see the way the different approaches go .	1
Bah .	0
[ i ] tag .	0
What a crock .	0
I understand the point , but I think Apple 's `` making the fonts look nice '' make the fonts look terrible .	0
It 's not just a readability aspect , they actually look worse.I could see having such rendering for a print-based application , Word or something , but for a web browser , which is [ i ] not [ /i ] meant to go on paper , I think it 's a terrible idea .	1
A lot of people seem to prefer it , though .	0
And honestly , if I wanted to have a screenshot of a site to make it look nice , I 'd probably at least consider using Safari ; the stuff is more typographically `` correct '' using that rendering , which in the context of an image of a site may well look better .	0
For usability it 's probably worse , though .	0
See , that 's basically a bad idea though .	0
Remember , sub-pixel rendering is display-dependent , and not all LCDs are RGB , nor are all monitors LCD.This is n't unique to Apple 's solution , but the inability to turn the fucking shit off is a problem if you want to take a screenshot.That having been said , I 'd probably consider Safari if I wanted to print a web page and make it look nice .	0
If you want to emprint/em a webpage and make it look nice , it should n't matter what browser you 're using ( unless one has terrible layout issues for printed pages ) as the proper better printed font rendering will be used in each case .	0
You might be right , and if you are , then there 's emno/em case where Safari would be better for media , other than possibly a projector .	0
I 'm definitely right in that case , the fonts would be all pixelated when you printed out websites if I was n't ( not to mention the fact you 'd be wasting the potential of your printer many times over ) .	0
Well , I know that it 's going to rerender for a printer ( duh ) , but that does n't mean Safari 's going to use Windows ' font renderer to do it .	0
It goes to the printer in an entirely different format ; it will never use a screen font renderer .	0
Regardless of what `` renderer '' it uses , it wo n't suffer from the limitations of either of the systems .	0
Playing dress upimg alt= /img alt= /img alt= /	0
Haha , really ?	0
I still ca n't fit into my jeans .	1
It 's probably all the depressive starvation !	0
! img	0
The head thingies ( headbands ?	0
fascinators ? )	0
that both of you are wearing are fantastic !	0
What are you doing for the superbowl ?	0
I 'm gon na be in the stir .	0
gosh you are so beautiful	0
OHHHHHHHHHHHH I Love This.I feel like we ought to someday do a photoshoot with Ruby and Fiona wearing extra fur pelts and purring .	0
Ruby would probably not want to be held so we 'll have to PhotoShop her in .	1
Also , there is something very strange about fur in the thrift stores .	1
I always pet it , and want to take it home , but I 'm vegetarian and I have to remember it is not just glamorous but also sort of going to bother me later .	0
The satin linings , especially in peach color ... . mwah.Update on the article : I submitted a draft and they will be in touch for revision .	0
Looks like its going to be published !	0
Its in the editing stage , so your input is still vital .	1
cheers to wednesday : emily	0
I will do it do it do it , I promise !	0
Sorry for the delay ! ! ! ! !	0
Also ruby .	0
RUBY .	0
My name is Ruben Cat and I approve of this message.a title=LION RUBY by emilyaugust , on Flickrimg width=500 height=333 alt=LION RUBY /	0
a class=ljimgplaceholder width=35 height=35 alt=Image title=Image border='0 ' /	0
You are so beautiful !	0
Thank you , bb .	0
Your pugs , btw , are choking me with cute .	0
you are fabulous , but you 're looking thin !	0
oh snap.a border=0 : O	0
Awesome !	0
Congrats~	0
Thanks !	0
: O : O ! !	0
! CONGRATS~ ! I would read it ... but I 'm not a PoT fan .	0
Thankies : D It 's actually not a PoT fanfic XD ; ; Crossroads : ] But no one knows that fandom so I do n't expect you to know it either ^^ ; ; I 'm so happy though cause I really did n't think I 'd win ^^ ; ;	1
Ah ... *feels blind* I think I was scrolling and somehow imprinted the fandom of the fanfic about yours into my mind .	0
X_X Sorry .	0
That is amazing .	0
Dude , you need to link me to that fanfic like NOW haha ... unless it 's a fandom I do n't know about ? ~Abby	0
img layout ! /	0
i like the layout ! !	0
! and i like to hear a bit more about you !	0
Thank you ! I plan on updating more often , I was MIA for a while .	0
i 'm looking forward to ! Your the first and the one american girl who i 've added , cause your style and so on ist fantastic ! really.also i 'm sorry for my bad english !	0
Wow I love the new layout , it 's so homely : D	0
Thank you miss !	0
How are things ?	0
the assortment , various different..mediums ?	0
materials .	0
real .	0
sureal ... meaning the flowers , gretchen .	0
very cool mix .	0
you have a way w. colors as well .	0
smallgorgeous layout ! /small	0
thank you miss .	0
LOVE IT	0
yay !	0
oh my it 's so cute .	0
you do your layouts yourself ?	0
? andlt ; 3	0
I know some basic html and override stuff , but mainly it 's just trial and error until I like it .	0
But I made the header and patterns etc etc.I 'm happy you like it !	0
thats too cute .	0
remember the ones you used to make me forever ago ?	0
haha	0
yesssss , livejournal layouts 4lyfe.I 'm going to call you son , we need to make thrifting/hang out plans ASAP .	1
Hey , kids .	0
Just a heads up , a did an interview over at the Graphic Novel Reporter .	0
Check it out if you like reading me ramble incoherently about Nothing Nice to Say.Still only working on stuff you guys ca n't see yet .	0
Kind of frustrating to not be able to share all my work , seriously .	0
In the mean time , here 's some random stuff from my sketch book : img	0
iI have to create some original content for it .	0
These are clues .	0
These are hints .	0
I have to create some original content to bridge the existing material./iI 'm thinking we 're looking at Kittens : The Book here .	0
Oh , jesus .	0
That 's even better.Scrap my original thought .	0
Kittens : The Book for 2009 .	0
That 's not it , but do n't rule it out completely for the future .	0
Is that a Side Projects Are Never Successful reference I see ?	0
I do n't think so .	0
Where ?	0
Corporate Rock and Comics Are for Suckers	0
OH .	0
Maybe ?	0
I did n't come up with that one , but I would n't be surprised .	0
As the guy who wrote that interview I can say , yes , it is .	1
It really needed an uh ... yeah at the end , though .	0
is that one of those bad guys from digdug ?	0
how about some jay garrick in there ?	0
It is .	0
Love Dig Dug .	0
Jay Garrick is napping .	0
love the futurama bits .	0
mitch clementine !	0
i bet NO ONE has ever said that before .	0
ever .	0
Have you read Flash : Rebirth # 1 yet ?	0
Geoff Johns will be my secret lover for ever now .	0
oh god twenty !	0
at least you can say you made it this far : P	0
There was a girl at emerald city comicon with a sign that said have your picture taken with a girl that made out with mitch clem $ 2 what 's that about ?	0
Spock ?	0
Rock out with your Mr Spock out .	0
I was n't sure if it was some other Vulcan .	1
Ya know , 'cause they all have that damn Moe haircut .	0
Yeah , because it makes sense for an entire race to all have the same haircut .	0
Well ... they do !	0
Oh , no , I know they do .	0
I 'm just saying , there 's nothing weird or nonsensical about that .	0
Of course an entire race would all style their hair the same way .	0
Very ... what 's the word ...	0
Logical .	0
As much as I love Nothing Nice to Say ... Coffee Achievers book ?	0
That 'd be sweeeeeet .	0
lj-embed id=4 Tooth from a Nash on a Johnson end tag , the compression is terrible but you get the idea .	0
Longest 15 seconds of my life !	0
how long did it take ?	0
days and days and days and days and days ... .	0
It 's really pretty ! ! ! ! !	0
thank you dara !	0
thanks so much , I 'm still learning the programs but it gets easier with time I guess !	0
How pretty !	0
And trippy !	0
That should be some rock star 's video background !	0
hahaa , yes probably .	0
Thank you !	0
that was really cute	0
Cupcakes and flowers equal automatic cuteness !	0
very nice !	0
thank you !	0
wow that was intense !	0
= )	0
craaazy.i love it .	0
= )	0
this is really very very nice : D	0
thank you miss !	0
pAnyone who has been reading my ljshot the past couple of years knows of my traditional falling apart at Christmas time .	0
Well this year that has n't happened !	0
At all !	0
Yay !	0
: DpI still have issues with aspects of it but it 's not consuming me like it has every year since mum died ... this is the first time in years that I have looked at a Xmas tree and thought it looks kind of pretty rather than just being disgusted with the excess of it .	1
I do n't think it 's a coincidence that this is also the year I changed my name and left my family behind .	0
I feel so much better about a lot of things in my life when they are not in it .	0
funny that !	0
; ppObviously there is still a month to live through so I may regret these words yet , but I kinda doubt it ... . yay for growing up !	1
: ) pemsmallPosted via a	0
That 's kinda sad , but cool at the same time .	0
Happy for ya raz .	0
That 's great !	0
Hope the good vibes keep on : )	0
*wishes she could like this*	0
Hi Everyone !	0
I have n't forgotten of my LiveJournal ... . this is a special place for me !	0
Hope all my LJ friends are doing good .	0
*HUGS*Still enjoying married life ... Tom is a great husband and we 're doing great .	1
^_^I just had my birthday last Saturday and it was lovely .	0
Hubby took me to a surprise adventure ...	0
I love surprises and adventures !	0
^_^He took me to the Gardens of Bok Towers for my birthday .	0
I LOVE the Bok Tower ... it 's like a Gothic castle with singing bells singing Carillon music !	0
So beautiful !	0
You can listen to a clip here : a I took a bunch of pics and will be sharing some here soon but here 's some I found online for now.div style= '' text-align : ; '' img alt= '' '' src= '' /img alt= '' '' src= '' ndnbsp ; /div	0
Gorgeous pictures ! Happy belated Birthday !	0
Hello and Happy Birthday ! I am glad to hear you are still doing very well !	0
Happy Birthday !	0
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! ! !	0
! and beautiful pics by the way .	0
... would a thief do something this dangerous and stupid.a	0
Unfortunately , not only in Indiana .	1
We 've had a couple of similar incidents in a different part of Nova Scotia , where would-be thieves knocked out power by trying to cut through live wires to steal copper .	0
They were easier to find , but not alive to press charges against .	0
Same thing happened in eastern Norway too .	0
So , there are apparently idiots in other places , but it 's interesting that they 're all in northern climes .	0
Well , maybe it 's something about winter that causes these attempted thieves to lose 30 IQ points , and think they can steal that copper without getting that electric chair effect .	1
Nope -- ca n't happen to me ...	0
ZZZZT ! !	0
! Yet another Darwin Award ...	0
iWell , maybe it 's something about winter/iActually , it was in early autumn ...	0
that 's larry david in the icon .	0
he 's hot.i am moving into the anarchist house anytime next month.at least there i can focus on art and positive things instead of the fucky ones of late .	0
i am intrested in promoting a healthy , sane lifestyle and i think with the girls and devon it might be possible .	0
i 've been having alot of problems with my personality disorder latley .	0
i wonder why i am so venomous .	0
yes , i was raised by wolves .	0
i 'm not a bitch , just sad .	0
sorry for the unconventional inconvinence .	0
i thought this was a teenage thing but it seems like something i 'll being dealing with the rest of my life .	0
i still need a tatt stencil .	0
i 've looked at a billion pic 's and still ca n't find one i really like .	0
i want to have a theme or something symetrical instead of random shitty tatt 's .	0
the anarchist house ?	0
who lives there ?	0
HUH ?	0
HUH ? ?	0
KYLA SARA AND DEVON .	0
weeeird man	0
and it was all rad when theresa was all like and he 's not the same STREET KID he used to be i love how EVIL being a street punk is .	0
i wish you saw the old chad he was SO badass .	1
same with the old ethan .	0
dude you got ta come over and i 'll show you old tapes of passions .	0
fuck you , i 'm awsome .	0
I previously mentioned I intended to see the film on bMay 21st/b .	0
I am making a purely selfish decision to change this to the b22nd/b for rather arbitrary reasons.Any ions ? No ? Good.be : /b a times are now available- I assume they 'll still be using *approximately* those , er , nearly a month later.At this point I 'll say that I would bstrongly recommend/b booking in advance , once it becomes an option- I bcan't/b do that ( due to not having the capital resources ) and ...	0
yeah .	0
[ I shall make this clear on a.f.p and cam .	0
* when I get around to posting reminders .	0
Anyone care to tell me when it 'd be a good idea to do so ? ]	0
*knows why*	0
Well done you .	0
As a service announcement , I 'd like to point out that this is a public post ... ... and I did imention/i selfishness there ...	0
*can still make it* = ) Boy , if you had changed dates a week later and I 'd probably be booked =P	0
Is this HHGGTG ?	0
Yep .	0
Sorry , do n't think you were around [ here , LJ-wise ] when I posted the a announce .	0
Did you already post original announcements to afp and cam . * ?	0
If so I 'd post an update with the new date immediately in case anyone makes plans between now and when you post the reminder .	1
I 'd post the reminder about a week to ten days beforehand if it were me .	0
with Nyaako , a bCandy Parlour/b phototheme ! a name= '' cutid1 '' *vomits everywhere* D : Hoax : ... ... ... ... . a name='cutid1-end'a name= '' cutid2 '' My new YOSUKE shoes are so lovely~ ! I have similar shoes with a cork heel instead , but the rose clip fell off one of them ... BAWWWWWWWWWW.I 'll take extra good care of these ones ; ; name='cutid2-end'Something is stuck in customs~ I think it is my Angelic Pretty OP ... Haa I ca n't get it out until the weekend ; _ ; It keeps raining lately !	0
My parents came to visit yesterday , they bought Leek some clothes and a new watch .	0
We then went to eat sushi buffet together .	0
I think my dad was fascinated , his first time eating in a Japanese restaurant ... ; ; We ordered 5 platters of sushi and another of tempura and it was all eaten ... !	0
____I want Baby 's new a Usakumya print !	0
And maybe me and span class='ljuser ljuser-name_blahh_0o ' lj : user='blahh_0o ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= '' ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' and span class='ljuser ljuser-name_milk_bun ' lj : user='milk_bun ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= '' ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' can all match like the Power Rangers hehe xDDI miss you Amilieeeee , come back to England soon ! That 's all for now ! Bye friends 	0
mrowwwww !	0
Cute kitty : -D	0
Thank youuu __	0
The shoes are awesome .	0
Thank you  I think I have too many white shoes now hahaha .	0
OMG the cute is overwhelming !	0
Thank you :3 	0
So cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuute ! !	0
! I love those shoes *_* .	0
Thank you *-* I ca n't wait to wear them out 	0
I 'm listening to Franz Ferdinand right now andhearts ; The photos are really fantastic !	0
I thought the doll was creepy at first , but the shoot , with all its lovely props , really convinced me of the cuteness xD	0
Thank youu xD I love Franz Ferdinand Haha and she 's a difficult one to photograph .	0
She can look so silly in some angles .	0
Gormless kitty is gormless !	0
I want sweeeeeeeets ^3^~~~~~	0
Aww so cute  I love Nyaako 's little dress~OMGGG I 've always wanted something from Angelic Pretty , I perve at their beautiful online store all the time ; u ; I hope you get your stuff soon~ !	0
Aww thank you ; u ; ! And I hope so too *__* '' ' !	0
I am so jealous of your cat dollfie !	0
Aww thank you ^v^ 	0
I want smiley Kibaaaaaa __	0
power rangers ... LOL ... mighty morphin ' power rangers ! !	0
! Yes lets meet up when i get back ! and those photos of nyaako are epic pink/red=gorgeous combo i love the littleparfait thing ; w ; I miss you more andlt ; /3	0
Lololol I want to be mint or pink ranger heeee Though the chocolate colour looks interesting xDI 'm happy you like Nyaako~ she was hell to photoshoot because she has this scared expression all the time ! Come back to UK alreadyyyy ; __ ;	1
I love the pictures of nyaako ...	0
I love looking at BJDs , but I 'm terrified of owning one myself , for some strange reason ...	0
It 's inexplicable ! FranzFerdinandFranzFerdinandFranzFerdinawndandlt ; 3 You 've made me need to go and listen to that song , now.. !	0
Oh well , it 's hardly a bad thing ! And the print ...	0
I ... .	0
I ... . something inside me cracked when I saw it .	0
It 's beautiful ! !	0
D8 andlt ; 3	0
Heee I -loooove- Franz Ferdinand And yes the new print is so gorgeous !	0
I love the teddiesss ; u ; Which colour did you like best ?	0
I do n't think it would suit me personally because of my colouring , but I thought the yellow one looked really fresh and pretty .	0
( Plus , I love pink and lemon as a combination ! !	0
andlt ; 3 ) The teddies are so sweet ... ; ____ ;	0
Pink and Yellow reminds me of lemonade *drool* I 've been eyeing the mint one~ 3	0
So ...	0
I was watching  ( a chinese all-girl version of American Idol , except a lot cooler ) today and I noticed a similarity ...  ( One of the best singer , advancing into the top 2 and possibly winner ) a http : /hotobucket.com/ '' target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket - Video and Image Hosting '' a name= '' cutid1 '' a http : /hotobucket.com/ '' target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket - Video and Image Hosting '' a http : /hotobucket.com/ '' target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket - Video and Image Hosting '' a http : /hotobucket.com/ '' target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket - Video and Image Hosting '' and one of her performances : a ( After the singing in this one , when she 's being critiqued by the judges , her SMILE ... ! ! !	0
Does n't it look like somebody 's ?	0
) a ( This one gets pretty loud at the beginning XDD ) I 'll probably be adding more later XDDUN DUN DUN ...	0
I RIGHT ? ! ! !	0
am i being delusional and completely finding Joo Ji Hoon in EVERYBODY ? !	0
*________*a name='cutid1-end '	0
Wow she looks like a boy : OADD ME BACK YOU WENCH IT IS I MARU .	0
oo she 's talented ^.^ there 's some stress on the higher ranges though .	0
But Its still wonderful	0
I just added more vids XD	0
who 's the competition for this chick ?	0
; A ; I thought that was a guy !	0
My male-female sensors are out of whack !	0
OMFG I 'm in china and I was totally wtaching the live broadcast of the finals ... lol she won yay ! ! !	0
: Dlol although that really tall girl was REALLY pretty ( and Li Na was even prettier but she was eliminated early on ) ..I did n't like her thoughahaha I actually did n't see the part whree she won coz I fell asleep .	0
lol XDbut yeah everyone hear jokes that `` super girl '' has to always be androdgynous `` bu nan bu nu '' lol it 's so true ! ! !	0
XDmy little 5 year old cousin has the winner from last year framed in her room .	0
coz she thinks she 's HAWT !	0
lol she 's so funny XD	0
LMAO .	0
Hahhahah.yah .	0
Li Na was my fav XDD She was so cute ! ! !	0
and yup , I like this girl better than the tall one .	0
The tall one seemed a little obnoxious to me XDD I dunno , hahaha.lol , I like the girl from last year too , she 's cool .	0
but yeah ... even her voice sounds guy-ish XD At least this year 's has a pretty and girly sounding voice .	0
LI NA was like , unbelievably pretty ! ! !	0
I thought for sure she 'd win coz she was just so PRETTY .	0
But I guess she was n't MANLY enough .	0
LOL .	0
Plus her singing kinda sucked : ( But yeah the tall pretty girl seemed like a cold bitch .	0
Especially since she was friends with that fakey-fake 2nd place bitch ( Tan Wei Wei ) .	0
I feel kind of sorry for how Ai Mong Meng got elim 'd ... : ( She seemed so sweet/cute lolThe girl from last year does n't sing that well lol.. but yeah , she 's pretty cute/cool .	1
and MANLY !	0
lol : Din other words you have to be a hawt manly girl to win !	0
Hiya !	0
I noticed you were watching me , so I just wanted to inform you that I am no longer using this LJ .	0
If you 'd like to keep watching my art , fics , anime reviews , and other stuff ... please switch over to my personal community , span class='ljuser ljuser-name_sjenhasnopants ' lj : user='sjenhasnopants ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= ' src= ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='16 ' height='16 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' you need to do is:1 ) a it to your watchlist,2 ) a join it./bYou must do both in order to view posts .	0
And then I will add you ASAP .	0
Thanks~ ^___^	0
I have too many things going through my mind at once .	1
I have a bunch of things to do in the next week .	0
font color= '' green '' *Submit novel into Scholastic./fontfont color= '' blue '' *Submit chapters to HarperTeen./fontfont color= '' blue '' *Postpone party once again./fontfont color= '' blue '' *Work on 11/10 and11/11./fontfont color= '' red '' *Project for AP American History./fontfont color= '' green '' *Submit fiction story to Scholastic./fontfont color= '' green '' *Submit fantasy story to Scholastic./fontfont color= '' green '' *Submit humor story to Scholastic./fontfont color= '' purple '' *Photography/fontfont color= '' blue '' *Raise grade in AP American History./fontfont color= '' blue '' Blue/font = 1 weekfont color= '' red '' Red/font = 2 weeksfont color= '' green '' Green/font = more than 1 monthfont color= '' purple '' Purple/font = anytime	0
So much to do , and yet still enough time to color-code a list of all the things to do .	0
Clearly , you are n't busy enough .	1
i was bored last night .	1
I was n't doing anything last night .	0
I ditto tom .	0
a name= '' cutid1 '' these were done on the plane ( very bad idea ) .	0
The boy sitting next to me kept on staring at me and at my sketchbook with this terrified look on his face and the lady next to me continued hitting me in the ribs because she was scared and could n't sit still .	0
Then she fell asleep and started snoring .___ .	0
alt= '' '' / alt= '' '' / alt= '' '' / alt= '' '' name='cutid1-end'a name= '' cutid2 '' + some photos of my kitty : alt= '' '' /img alt= '' '' src= '' /img alt= '' '' src= '' / andlt ; 3 andlt ; 3 andlt ; 3 andlt ; 3 andlt ; 3In other news , I have a fever and I can barely stand and walk ... but tomorrow I have a philosophy test so I have to go to school .	0
My doctor said it 'll never heal if I keep on going outside and he yelled at me when I told him I had even taken a plane ahaha ...	0
I really thought he was going to hit me 8DAt leats physics went pretty ... decently , I guess .___ .	0
School is being such a pain ... auuugh .	0
Got ta do my best ... a name='cutid2-end '	0
B'aww your kitty is so cute ; A ; GET BETTER SOON LAE .	0
D8 ; ; LISTEN TO YOUR DOCTOR !	0
Nya , Nya , kittttyyyy~~ andlt ; 3	0
Oh no , prioritize your health !	0
Sure exams are important , but ... Get well soon .	0
; v ; God such a delicate artstyle fdsfghl your sketches are a delight .	0
subi saw these on your tumblr and thought they were nice .	0
i love when you draw horned people , and i like seeing your things in the sketch phase.your kitten is precious.-i hope you start feeling better soon .	0
i know that school seems important , but moreso is your health .	0
i 'll be hoping for you as always , lae./sub	0
Ah oh man , XD ; ; I 'm sorry , but imagining the people who were next to you and their faces is really funny for some reason .	0
Oh jeez.I do n't know if I 've said this to you before , but I really like how you draw things like hands and bodies ( not just your faces ! ) .	0
Especially the neck and collar area .	0
( Your kitty is so fluffies  -dies- ) And well .	0
To be honest I am ... uh , well , I really hope your sickness goes away soon .	0
It 's already been so long .	0
Education is a priority - true - but what good is such knowledge if your health fails you ?	0
I second the funny faces .	0
The boy in my mind was hilarious 	0
I like the look on your kitty 's face in the bottom right photo : ) Such a haughty stance I 'm always amazed with the fragile beauty of your style .	1
rarely find sketches that are so tender and tranquil .	0
a http : /hotobucket.com _blankimg border=0 alt=Photo Sharing and Video Hosting at Photobucketa http : /hotobucket.com _blankimg border=0 alt=Photo Sharing and Video Hosting at Photobucketa http : /hotobucket.com _blankimg border=0 alt=Photo Sharing and Video Hosting at Photobucketa http : /hotobucket.com _blankimg border=0 alt=Photo Sharing and Video Hosting at Photobucketa http : /hotobucket.com _blankimg border=0 alt=Photo Sharing and Video Hosting at Photobucketa http : /hotobucket.com _blankimg border=0 alt=Photo Sharing and Video Hosting at Photobucket/What 's new everybody ?	0
Really digging that half of star .	0
Awesome !	0
Especially love the last photo .	0
i am really into shelf funguses for some reason lately ( photo 2 ) and that last lamb planter photo is blowing my mind .	1
awesomely strange , delicate , creepy and sad .	0
Cincinnati had a wicked wind storm last night , the result of the lovely Ike visiting the Midwest .	0
So as of last night about 500,000 households were without power , hopefully less are today .	0
When the kids and I went out for flashlights , water and food , there were downed trees throughout the neighborhoods , and many of the traffic lights were out .	0
Nick , due to his one zillion questions , got a bit of an education about `` power . ''	0
*grin* My home and Jim 's both lost power for a while , but it 's back .	0
.Yay ! ! !	0
So , we 're fine , and Nick has a day home because school is closed .	0
( Not sure yet about Matt , he 's at a university preschool .	0
) I hope everyone else is okay too !	0
Still no power for a couple miles around me .	0
However , home fine.Ren faire lost a large portion of its fencing - first time I 've seen the patron parking lot in probably a decade .	0
A couple buildings were damaged , and those in tents were not happy.Also , Eugenia , my fellow hair braider , lost her home - the van she lives out of was crushed by a tree .	0
I was wondering how the Ren Faire did , thanks for the info .	0
I am sorry for Eugenia losing her van ! !	0
And I am very glad you 're okay : - ) Call me and stop by the next time you visit Cinti , I have n't seen you in ages !	0
Matt 's at university ?	0
I knew your kids were smart , but do n't you think that 's pushing them a little hard ?	0
; ) Braider , sorry to hear about Eugenia 's van .	0
Heh .	0
.No , it 's Arlitt ( a a preschool run by the Early Childhood department of the University of Cincinnati .	0
Nick also went there ( and STILL misses it ) .	0
It means we 've got every type of almost every `` early childhood development '' specialist in the world on hand , to give Matt all the support he needs , along with a ratio of three highly qualified and experienced teachers to maybe 15 students per class .	0
Ca n't beat that !	1
blockquoteWhen lava pours out near the sea 's surface , tremendous volcanic explosions sometimes occur./blockquoteimg width=400 alt=dandelion/Springtime is made for adventures .	0
I need ideas .	0
I need a willing partner ! For sooooooo long , I 've known amazingly gifted people who did n't create and would-be adventurers who spent most of their time on the couch or at the bar .	0
Would a really fun idea be enough to motivate them to join me ?	0
At university , there were plenty of adventures to be had , but finding most of them took years and knowing the right people .	0
I want to circumvent all that waiting and brainstorm a few of my own for Raleigh .	0
Then perhaps I can take my new friends captive and do something , emanything/em beyond the ordinary .	0
Actually , I have n't been to my mother 's grave either .	0
Perhaps I will do it one day .	0
I suggest that you go play laser tag , dressed as you would to go out .	0
On a Friday night .	0
It would be really awesome !	0
Hm , well since you 're on a roll , how about suggesting a Clemson adventure .	0
I 'm sure you 've got some experience in that area .	0
I think my last adventure involved a picnic with vodka spiked iced tea , a late night nature trail , drunken stargazing at the lake , and then building a fort in my room and filling it with naked people and illegal substances.It was pretty sweet , to be honest .	0
Ahhh !	0
There are sooooooo many sweet places around Clemson .	0
1 ) The two near Greenville adventures I recommended above apply even better to Clemson.2 ) On Highway 187 ( off 76 ) , there are sooooo many cool fields and pastures .	0
One of them in particular has an amazing tree all by it 's lonesome that NEEDS a lazy afternoon picnic .	0
Preferably with substance use.3 ) Why did n't you come along on mine and Jeff 's summer of adventures before I moved to Japan ?	0
That was an incredible few months.4 ) The Oconee nuclear plant looks like a massive alien city at night .	0
There is a black lake somewhere around it with a little beach that is PERFECT for midnight swimming .	0
Or skinny dipping , if you dare mua ha ha ! 5 ) I 've always wanted to explore the two rundown Property of Clemson University No Trespassing houses on the left right after you turn on 28 to go to Pendleton .	0
Why do n't you ?	0
Also , the valley right across from the armory and kite hill often gets reeeeeally foggy and creepy in the wee hours of the morning .	0
It 's begging for an excursion .	1
6 ) Get yourself into Clemson 's underground tunnel system.7 ) Your last adventure sounds amazing .	0
I wish I 'd been there .	0
: ( Want to go along on some adventure next time I 'm in town ? 8 ) There 's a dam in Clemson that is n't the lake Hartwell dam across from Clemson campus ( although the Lake Hartwell dam is one of my favorite places at night -- looks like the end of the world ) .	1
It 's smaller and you can walk out on it .	0
Very cool and reeeeeeeeally crazy at night .	0
It 's in the woods .	0
Ask around.9 ) Bring a laptop , a scary movie , and some skittish friends .	0
Watch scary movie outside in the wilderness at night.10 ) If camping interests you at all , there is a PERFECT spot not far from the Clemson perimeter , about a mile or two from the road , on a long wooded peninsula that stretches over the lake .	0
I probably ca n't tell you from memory how to get there , but I could find it again.11 ) Since I arrived in Clemson , old-timers always talked about a Secret Beach that 's really amazing .	0
Rumors abound of it being flooded , but it ca n't be flooded ALL the time right ?	0
FIND IT !	0
The secret beach totally does not exist anymore .	0
I heard that they finally cleared out the land of the Newry Mill , although I ca n't confirm that.However , if you want a totally awesome ( if somewhat dorky ) adventure , I suggest letterboxing !	0
( www.letterboxing.org ) There are 283 letterboxing sites in Raleigh alone , meaning that there are adventures aplenty in your home city .	1
Newry mill is still there .	1
My bro takes his girlfriend there all the time .	0
I 've never been though .	0
: ( Where was the secret beach anyway ?	0
If you drive past the Esso Club heading towards Seneca before the road merged with the highway it was off on your right .	0
Seriously , though .	0
Letterboxing is awesome .	0
Also , if you 've never been to the old mill , the adventure I 've tried to have about 400 times and never have , would you go with me ? ?	0
Gosh , these are some of the most exciting replies I 've ever gotten from leaving a lj message .	0
I feel like I have a book of awesome missions now.Awesome torch passing .	0
Much appreciated .	0
I always feel a little guilt because I have destoyed and made something beautiful at the same time when I blow .	0
I would , but dandelions are weeds and when you take them out of people 's yards ... they are happy .	0
Do tell .	0
I mean , other that the obvious adventures in e-dating !	0
haha .	0
lately i 've been just getting in the car without a map or a plan .	0
I 've founds some of the most lovely places around Spartanburg , new secret hiding places .	0
lets go the jungle .	0
i hear that they have fun and games .	0
I 'm in .	0
Especially if this hunka hunka burnin ' love is going to be there : img in the jungle , baby !	0
Your gon na dieeeeeee !	0
let me know if someone accidentally gives you adventure ideas relating to greenville rather than raleigh.P.S .	0
I made the jump to digital photography this week with my very own Nikon DSLR , so that could be included in the adventures ...	0
Sweet !	0
I 'm jealous !	0
You are in luck , because there are plenty of places to adventure in Greenville and the surrounding areas .	1
First of all , I suggest gathering a small group of people to dress up for prom with you , and go eat dinner at Wafflehouse .	0
Bring camera , chat up the overworked waitress , profit .	0
Also , some bizarre sorts seem to frequent the top level of the downtown parking garage .	0
You can witness some clandestine meetings up there .	0
I 've always wanted to get a portable projector and start holding illegal showings of movies on the side of buildings .	0
You should do that .	0
Next , I suggest doing two things I have done which are not in Greenville , but are good strikeday/strikenight-trip adventures : I 'm sure you know about Stumphouse tunnel .	0
Walk all the way to the end without any lights .	0
Pretty scary , even in the daytime .	0
Next is a trip to the falls ... lower whitewater falls , I think they are called .	0
Anyway , we sneaked into the state park around midnight and hiked up to the falls in the dark to go stargazing .	0
You should definitely take your camera up there on a clear night -- it 's the most amazing view I 've ever had of the stars .	1
The Milky Way was bright as hell !	0
CC and I went on a walking adventure this weekend , and I 've been taking lots of pictures.My next adventure will probably be going to Dad 's grave .	0
I have n't done it yet , and I 'm scared.Suggest one for me and I 'll do it.I 'll make a promise , and I 100 % promise it will be fulfilled .	0
This summer , after all my classes have ended and my radio station responsibility has subsided , I will come visit you in Raleigh .	0
I could even bring CC .	0
But I will be at your mercy for whatever adventure you would like to do .	0
We 'll figure out the date after exams .	0
I spent most of my shift at work writing a paper .	0
I was typing in my e-mail , depending on gmail 's autosave function to save it as I went .	0
Well , internet explorer just encountered a problem and had to close and it turns out gmail was n't autosaving ( at least , not since 5pm when I had only a basic outline finished ) and my whole paper is gone .	0
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck .	0
buttdammit !	0
cockdangit !	0
That sucks .	0
My condolences on your loss .	0
The only thing to do after that is call it a day and start drinking heavily .	0
True this .	1
I was certainly in no shape to just start right over on the damn thing .	0
And so we move on to day two.a and Issue No .	0
1 here.a name= '' cutid1 '' a target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' iPaper Prostitution/i , 10:00 AMa target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' iThe Bear Stalls Out/i , 12:30 PMa target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' i3.5 Miles to the Gallon/i , 2:10 PMa target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' iPossibilities/i , 4:25 PMa target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' iShe Was Always Free and Exceptionally Gracious/i , 5:45 PMa target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' iWhy Yes , That /iIsi A Suede Gore-Lieberman Yamulkah On A Baseball Cap/i , 9:10 PMa target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Photobucket '' iForgot My Raincoat/i , 10:30 PMa name='cutid1-end '	0
Which AG doll is that ? ?	0
Molly ?	0
: D ( I had sthree/s proof that I was spoiled . ) 2 .	0
Shame that yamulkah is on such a baseball cap .	0
: P ( And what are you doing with a yamulkah ? ) 3 .	0
Glad I 'm not the only one with urges to mock/mark up Hummers.4 .	0
What book is that ?	0
It 's Molly , sans glasses plus a baseball uniform .	0
The best part is that her shoes have little tiny cleats.2 .	0
It 's political memorabilia .	0
I have quite a lot of this sort of thing -- a Gore-Lieberman yamulkah , Jimmy Carter election posters , a button from the McGovern campaign , crazy right-wing pro-Confederate flag signs -- this is the result of having a father who 's a political reporter.3 .	0
I hate them .	0
I hate them , hate them , hate them .	0
The urge to take my keys and carve OH MY GOD YOU FUCKING MORON into the side of their shiny paint job is absolutely iincredible/i.4 .	0
Heh .	0
It 's a little book called iMarked Trails for Girls/i by Grace Sloan Overton , and it 's a sort of an etiquette manual-slash-inspirational tract from 1931 .	0
It 's kind of awesome .	1
For instance , on the page opposite the `` free and exceptionally gracious '' picture , this is what it says : iAfter all , about the greatest difference between you is that boys are made to be the fathers of the world and girls are made to be the mothers .	0
Because the fathers need to be the protectors , boys are stronger and perhaps more forward and daring than girls .	0
But , whatever difference there may be in what men and women do , and in what we expect of them , these differences depend primarily on their different functions as parents .	0
/iAw .	0
How quaint and disturbing .	0
I liked Molly , but since two ( ? )	0
of the neighborhood girls had Molly , and another had Felicity , and another later got the `` You '' doll ...	0
I had Kirsten , Addy and Samantha .	0
Mom still has them packed away somewhere .	0
( Only dolls my dog never chewed on ... tried once and I very nearly killed him . ) 2 .	0
iCool/i .	0
Historical memorabilia for the win.3 .	0
And then tip them ?	0
That 's what I want to do .	0
And who needs a Hummer in iNew Jersey/i ?	0
Srsly.4 .	0
Woah .	0
iWoah/i .	0
Oh , my .	0
I have been consciously training my typing patterns in withholding that extra space we were all taught to use between sentences from 2 to 1 space .	0
Apparently I missed the memo , and have been using 2 spaces for my entire life .	0
When did this shift occur ?	0
It has , and still does , blow my mind .	0
Though , I do appreciate the added typing room afforded from the saved spaces .	1
I mean , by now , I can now fit the word four .	0
Okay , now to save a few more spaces to spend on a more worthwhile word .	0
We were all taught French Spacing .	0
I thought this was just for the internets and email ?	0
or does this new rule apply to print as well ?	0
It applies to all sentences , including those you speak aloud .	0
Thank you !	0
Thank you !	0
I was taught the same way ( using 2 spaces between sentences ) and when I was corrected , I thought I was alone in this world .	0
There 's a conspiracy going on man .	0
Out of curiosity , does anyone else download movies ?	0
My usual leeching site , a ( that i 've used for the past year or two , after supernova.org went down ) seems to have died/gone legit/surrendered and so , i am without a source of newly dvdripped movies to download..	1
I know that you can watch some of the movies online , but that 's not quite the same.. as i 'd then upload the movie to my sibling 's server for him and the parentals to then view at leisure..	1
Tried a site and after completing the download of two movies and going to watch them via my VLC media player ( plays all/most codecs flawlessly ) , got the ominous message To play this movie , you need to download moviexplayer from X ... . googling that , i discovered that it was probably loaded with a virus/spyware/malware , and so one should n't do it and just delete the movie.. leaving me back at square one..Suggestions ?	0
Or perhaps rediscover mIRC for ( movie ) files ?	0
PirateBay and it 's membership/ratios ?	0
Something else entirely ?	0
Got a site for tv shows , but movies ?	0
Help !	0
I use Vuze .	0
It searches several sites at once and lets you sort the results by a variety of factors .	0
Peeked at a video of it and it certainly looks promising , thanks Allison !	0
Ignore # 1 and # 2 they went legit.1 .	0
mininova.org 63 53 + 19 % 2 .	0
ThePirateBay.org 182 130 + 40 % 3 .	0
isohunt.com 170 147 + 16 % 4 .	0
Torrentz.com 231 192 + 20 % 5 .	0
BtJunkie.org 689 469 + 47 % 6 .	0
torrentspy.com 376 585 - 36 % 7 .	0
TorrentReactor.net 909 616 + 48 % 8 .	0
GamesTorrents.com 942 641 + 47 % 9 .	0
TorrentPortal.com 699 697 no change10 .	0
btmon.com 924 743 + 24 % 11 .	0
sumotorrent.com 1,894 1,101 + 72 % 12 .	0
myBittorrent.com 1,861 1,454 + 28 % 13 .	0
animesuki.com 1,738 1,473 + 18 % 14 .	0
Fulldls.com 1,448 1,646 - 12 % 15 .	0
bitdig.com 5,805 1,945 + 300 % 16 .	0
torrentz.ws 7,990 1,991 + 400 % 17 .	0
newtorrents.info 3,348 2,272 + 47 % 18 .	0
Torrent-Finder.com 3,404 2,635 + 29 % 19 .	0
TorrentBox.com 2,812 2,686 + 5 % 20 .	0
Fenopy.com 3,102 2,901 + 7 % 21 .	0
torrentvalley.com 5,276 3,014 + 75 % 22 .	0
youtorrent.com  3,107 New ! 23 .	0
TorrentReactor.to 3,016 3,313 - 9 % 24 .	0
www.zoozle.org 4,669 3,369 + 39 % 25 .	0
www.seedpeer.com 3,992 3,449 + 16 % Private SitesMusica Oi ! , Ska , Psychobilly , Rockabilly , etc .	0
) a production ) a Jam ) a Smiths/Morrissey ) a 'n ' Roses ) a OSTs ) a Dreampop ) a Danish music ) a indie , post-rock ) a self-explanatory ) a ( ca n't mention the url ) Gamesa 2000 games ) a :800:800a Softwarea ( link removed on request ) High Defa swesub dvds , but good stuff ) a	0
TVa For Help ) a and NZ ) a Park ) a a but good 4 XBox and PC Games ) a / Hungarian ) a German site ) a NCAA , CFL ) a sports ) a sports movies ) a mostlyOthera applications ) a applications ) a graphics software ) a Video ) a Video ) a tracker anymore ?	0
) a finance , marketing , advertising ) a psychology , self-help etc ) a videos )	0
Animea ( Indian ( Indian ) a	0
Wow , Greg !	0
Quite the huuuuuge list ! Do you check all of these ?	0
Or as Allison does , use a program that scans them all for whatever you 're searching ?	0
Have n't checked any reallu .	0
oh damn !	0
i really liked mininova .	0
and i only recently discovered it too ... i guess that 's the harbinger of the end when someone like me starts using mininova .	0
I have a really low-tech option ; i put dvds on hold at the library and then rip them if i think i wan na watch them again .	0
Its really geeky and cheap , but the library is like , a block from my apartment .	0
Training 's all done .	0
I 'm a Virgin now .	0
* * *Been commuting down to the corporate headquarters in Burlingame all month now .	0
I swear , you could post a big billboard by any of the highways here that reads : bDO N'T SLOW DOWNKEEP MOVINGMAINTAIN SPEED/band there 'd still be tangled traffic from drivers slowing down to read the thing .	0
You 're probably one of the few people who became virgins by virtue of being experienced .	0
How will the new commute be ? Barry and I live 2 blocks from a Blue Line stop that goes to Ohare , convenient yet still around 45-50 minutes .	0
Since BART does n't run that early , I 'll be driving , but it 's only 20 minutes and there 'll be no traffic at that time of day .	1
Good job and gratz on that .	0
Welcome home when you get here .	0
Welcome to my world .	0
I empathize more fully with you than I ever have before !	0
OMG , I remember driving down to redwood city a couple of times a week from SF - almost as bad as 880 around Hayward ... . All I could do was listen to NPR and hope for the best ! Hang in there , and good luck with the new job !	0
Congrats on the new job , Steve .	0
And good luck .	0
I hear that Virgin is a fun company to work for .	0
lovesa ctingb ling c live owend ouble feature movie nightse ating my fathers lasagna at christmasf all .	1
it 's the best fashion season g iving meaning full , well thought out and time consuming giftsh olding handsi nsane nights with insane friendsj ohn mayer 's slow dancing in a burning roomk isses all over the facel aughing till it hurtsm y parentsn ew clotheso ld friends and new friendsp asting collagesq uiet nightsr ed lipsticks kin on skint elling people how you feel and meaning itu under covers sillynessv ery cockney accents w alking together bumping shoulders every so oftenx rays that ahve been alteredy awningz ebra pattern	0
CLIVE OWEN !	0
! fall 	0
i knoooww .	0
ugh !	0
yay for very cockney accents.i 'm going to do this on my too !	0
lol i was filling this out and put ZEBRA PRINT hahaha..and leopard print for the other one .	0
: ] i did n't even see your answer until i came back to this post ...	0
haha .	0
thats cuase it 's aweeesome !	0
Is it any good ? 5 MINUTE CHOCOLATE MUG CAKE4 tablespoons flour4 tablespoons sugar2 tablespoons cocoa1 egg3 tablespoons milk3 tablespoons oil3 tablespoons chocolate chips ( optional ) A small splash of vanilla extract1 large coffee mug ( MicroSafe ) Add dry ingredients to mug , and mix well. Add the egg and mix thoroughly.Pour in the milk and oil and mix well..Add the chocolate chips ( if using ) and vanilla extract , and mix again.Put your mug in the microwave and cook for 3 minutes at 1000 watts.The cake will rise over the top of the mug , but do n't be alarmed ! Allow to cool a little , and tip out onto a plate if desired.EAT !	0
( this can serve 2 if you want to feel slightly more virtuous ) .And why is this the most dangerous cake recipe in the world ? Because now we are all only 5 minutes away from chocolate cake at any time of the day or night ! 	0
With that proportion of oil to flour , it 's going to be almost fudgy , I think .	0
I 'll give this a try .	0
( Of course , I do n't have eggs , only egg whites , which means I 'll need to cut the oil down to 2T at most , but hey , that 's what experimentation is about . )	0
One of my Mah jong and Tai Chi friends said this : Hi Carol , I have done that recipe just make sure you have a BIG mug as it tends to flow over , well mine did but it is really tastyAlison ... so hopefully it 'll be yummy .	0
What do you mean 'of course ' you do n't have eggs only egg whites ?	0
It was a thinking-out-loud sort of thing .	0
iI have the flour and the sugar , so that 's set.I do n't have any milk-milk , so I 'll need to reconstitute some from powder , then measure it , because I 'm not sure exactly how much powder and water are needed for three tablespoons ( 2tsp of powder and 8tsp of water ? )	1
and with quantities in this range , there 's less tolerance for error , but that 's not bad .	0
Really , the only thing likely to give me fits is the egg/oil mix , because I 've found that my egg white breads do n't `` hold '' the oil the same way when made with whole eggs .	1
So as long as I keep that in mind and reduce the oil by at least 1/3 , it should be okay./iAs to why I do n't have shell eggs , it 's twofold : I do better when I avoid egg yolks , and my use of eggs in general is mostly for baking .	0
< claim id=	0
Big mug , yes : I used a one pint measuring cup ( which likely holds .5 l when all is said and done ) , and it was fine .	0
But it doubled in volume as it cooked , so yes , supersize the cup.Other than that , it 's easy and pretty good .	0
It seemed a little ... flat , though .	0
I think it needs something - a hint of cinnamon ?	0
Of orange ?	0
More vanilla ( I think I put one drop in ) ?	0
Perhaps a tablespoon of cold coffee and two tablespoons of milk ?	0
Raspberry sauce ? Actually , tipping this thing out onto a plate and dripping some raspberry jam onto it so the jam can melt as the cake cools ... That would be igood/i , I think .	0
Verdict : I 'm keeping the recipe , and I 'll try it again , I 'm sure .	0
I tried it again a few more times .	0
Adding chocolate chips was n't the answer .	1
It made it more chocolaty , but still flat .	0
( Besides , all the chocolate chips sank to the bottom , and made that area almost pure chocolate goo .	0
It had its own charm , but wow .	0
Fudge city .	0
) I tried it again last evening with a little cinnamon and a bit of ground cloves .	0
Yummy yummy yummy - not flat at all .	0
And if anything , it was actually slightly too sweet , so the next time ...	0
I 'll try it with less sugar .	0
( I 'm intrigued by this recipe .	0
Yes . )	0
..oooh , cinnamon and cloves sounds nice .	0
We 've been sprinkling cinnamon on our breakfast since someone told us it was good for blood pressure - we do n't know if it 's working cos we do n't have a blood pressure testy thingy .	0
..when Rocky the rooster becaomes Rocky the roaster.This morning there was a fight to the death and Cleo has the battle scars.a name= '' cutid1 '' a http : /ics.livejournal.com/carida_46ic/0005617q/ '' http : /ics.livejournal.com/carida_46ic/0005617q/s320x240 '' width= '' 320 '' height= '' 240 '' border= '' 0 '' /a name='cutid1-end'The choice to take Rocky out and put him in death row , is because he 's a vicious guy .	1
Not to us .	0
We can pick him up , even while he was battling , and he does n't touch us .	0
But he rapes the poor chooks more than once a day .	0
Besides he 's fat and heavy and will taste good.Cleo is a gentleman .	1
He 'asks ' first - then jumps on them if they do n't run away .	0
a name= '' cutid2 '' a http : /ics.livejournal.com/carida_46ic/00057scp/ '' http : /ics.livejournal.com/carida_46ic/00057scp/s320x240 '' width= '' 320 '' height= '' 240 '' border= '' 0 '' /a http : /ics.livejournal.com/carida_46ic/000580f5/ '' http : /ics.livejournal.com/carida_46ic/000580f5/s320x240 '' width= '' 320 '' height= '' 240 '' border= '' 0 '' /a http : /ics.livejournal.com/carida_46ic/00059z4t/ '' http : /ics.livejournal.com/carida_46ic/00059z4t/s320x240 '' width= '' 320 '' height= '' 240 '' border= '' 0 '' /a name='cutid2-end '	0
Hope he 's tasty !	0
He should be !	0
I 'm going to have to slow cook him .	0
He 's very fat , so I think I might have to use the rack in the cooker , which slows the cooking time right down even more .	1
I 'll have to ask Fay how she cooked their rooster- he turned out very tasty .	1
They 've been on molasses for a couple of months so we 'll see if that makes a difference to the taste .	0
Yummy !	0
I hope so .	0
He has another reprieve cos Al is too busy today to do him in .	0
img alt= /i 'm afraid of meeting my doppleganger .	0
ME TOO.PS I really like those pictures	0
Dopplegangers XD I really like your photos , I love the coloring .	1
Cool posts , dude ; very colorful , and artsy .	1
Take care !	0
Hiya , I was wondering if youd mind unadding me from your friends list ?	0
Im just having a little spring clean and noticed that you dont update so much .	0
thankyou : )	0
i 'm having a party at my place and there are people smoking on my patio and i 'm not smoking.i 'm drinking and i 'm not smoking .	0
and there are people smoking on my patio and i 'm not smoking and this is something that i 've never done before .	0
like , ever .	0
my palms are itchy and i 'm uncomfortable and there are people smoking on my patio and i 'm drinking and they 're drinking and we 're all drinking and they 're smoking and i 'm not smoking.i need to post this and maybe it 's not making a lot of sense to you right now , but if you 're a smoker or a previous smoker who has quit then this will make sense .	0
because my palms are itchy .	0
and i 'm uncomfortable .	0
but i 'm not smoking .	0
and i 'm uncomfortable .	0
but i 'm not smoking .	0
*hands you imaginary lollipop*	0
Ooooh , candy !	0
Thank you !	0
You should buy a giant halloween sized bag of little dumdum lollypops for such occasions @	0
You ROCK .	1
That 's like the hardest thing !	0
I used to blow bubbles to keep my hands busy at those times .	0
It actually really helped .	0
Dawnie , I am so proud of you !	0
Thanks , babes ! ! !	0
I 'm proud of me , too !	0
: D I think that maybe I have the back broken on this little endeavor of mine .	0
LAPDANCE !	0
THAT 'S WHAT I 'M GIVING YOU IN MY HEAD RIGHT NOW !	0
Wooohoooo ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	0
If any of my San Francisco-area friends would like a free three-day pass to the Club One health club ( the one span class='ljuser ljuser-name_qbear ' lj : user='qbear ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= '' ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' and I go to , as well as span class='ljuser ljuser-name_bugsinamber ' lj : user='bugsinamber ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= '' ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' let me know ... first come , first served .	0
It 's a fairly deluxe health club , with pool , steam , sauna , free towels , etc.The one catch : you pick up the free pass from me , rather than me deliver it to you .	0
And you have to use it ( or start using it ) by Sunday .	0
Ooh .	0
I 'm glad you posted this .	1
It reminds me that I need to use the one I 've got .	0
Thanks !	0
Glad you 're feeling well enough to use it !	0
Oh if I were actually in the same state as you ...	0
Oh if I were actually in the same continent as youChuck	0
Hi , there !	0
I need your help .	0
As many of you know , I 'm going to be a House Fellow ( also called Resident Assistant , CA , etc ) in a dorm at UW-Madison .	0
For those of you heading off to college this fall or for anyone who is in or has been to college , can you tell me what are you or were you worried about ?	0
What about living in the dorms were you excited about ?	0
Scared about ?	0
Worried about ?	0
Confused , happy , unsure about ? Even if you did n't live in the dorms , what did Freshmen you or even Sophomore you have on your mind heading off to school ?	0
If you did live in a dorm , even for only a semester , what did you like and not like about your RA ?	0
What were you thinking when you moved in ? Possible topics : roommates , bathrooms/showering , classes , books , food , other residents , exams , the party scene , alcohol , sports , weekends , jobs.Thanks for your help , guys !	0
I really want to make this year great for my residents - all 75 of them !	0
- and it 's good to get other people 's perspectives on college and dorm life.Peace and love , ~~RaggedyAnndy~~/ [ ETA ] About the previous post : I did get Simba back .	0
I think freshman me wanted to know how to balance it all -- work with school and somewhat of a social life .	0
I also wanted to meet new people , which was n't hard at all ( though I personally needed a swift kick in the ass most days to do my homework ... ) .I liked that my House Fellow was pretty lenient , but he put more effort towards his MCAT ( with reason to ) second semester .	0
( And haha , I was on the substance-free floor in Witte , so the party scene involved ... lots of gaming .	0
And going to Ed 's .	0
XP ) Good luck !	0
You 're gon na do great .	0
I hope it 's not too late , just going through the flist and this is one thing I can help on.last year ( when I was a freshman ) I was concerned about showers/bathrooms staying clean !	0
I do n't need immaculate but it was important to me to have it sanitary .	0
a little reassurance about that would be good .	0
also , make sure all policies about bathrooms ( if there are any ) , visitors , getting furniture repaired , basic yet useful stuff like that , is very clear from the beginning .	1
I know you 're probably supposed to state it , but if you can , emphasize the we ( the residents ) ARE going to want to know these things .	0
I liked my RA because she sent really good emails .	1
She did n't just copy and paste in info or messages , but started out with nice words about whatever time of the semester it was and then got to the purpose of writing .	0
she also would say hello sometimes , ask how we were doing , but I never felt like I was being detained when I was trying to get something else done ( like walking by and getting sucked in ... which is a common dorm problem in general .	0
) probably the worst thing that happened on my hall last year was that people were constantly getting their food stolen from the fridge .	0
I really do n't know what the RA could have done about that , but it was very irritating , and brought about many passive-aggressive notes stuck on fridge with magnets.this year my main concerns are structural ( size of room , will the stairs make me tired , where is the kitchen , TV , laundry etc . )	0
and not related to RAs that I can figure.I hope you and your residents have a great year !	0
Thanks for this !	0
My first residents move in Monday , so you 're in time .	1
I do not think it means what you think it means.Okay , Internet , here 's the deal : it 's not a meme if you 're asking people to do it .	1
The whole point of the concept of a meme is that it was intended to describe the ispontaneous/i spread of ideas and phenomena as if they were diseases or viruses that infect people unbidden .	0
Let 's just make it an acronym !	0
`` Deliberate Internet Meme '' = DIM !	0
Actually , I think a deliberate Internet meme should be called a `` youyou ''	0
guys guys , let 's just pretend we 're using the french word meme which simply means `` THE SAME '' good enough ?	0
As language is fairly liquid the new conventional understanding of meme might in fact be a stronger meme than a ( n ) lj post de jour..	0
i guess words ca n't grow and change with use , huh ben ?	0
oooooooh.so what you 're saying is the first batgirl thing WAS a meme , but all the things that get passed around where you tag folks are NOT memes ?	0
even though that 's what everybody calls them ? i mean , the best i can see you hoping for here is dual definitions , man .	0
PS , your ACTUAL definition is of course way cooler than the one that is being created via internet confusion .	0
Well , I actually do n't much care for the term in general , as it means engaging with a corner of philosophy of the mind that I find a little silly .	1
In its stronger forms , meme theory suggests that there 's no such thing as human consciousness or thought because our brains are just spongy , meme-infested piles of goop .	0
And if you do n't agree it 's only because the meme that makes you think otherwise is a strong one.But , anyway , yeah .	0
I think if you set out by saying , `` Hey guys , I am starting this new meme , '' then it is definitely not a meme .	0
It 's like infecting someone with a disease on purpose and saying they `` caught '' it .	0
If there is such a thing as memes ( and the theory 's proponents say that they are things ) , then this is the meme equivalent of engineering weapons-grade strains of the Bird Flu .	0
Marry me .	0
Hello !	0
How are you ?	0
Sorry , just a very enthusiastic reaction to linguistic accuracy.Plus I sometimes hate those damn things .	0
No need to be sorry .	0
When used correctly , words are neat !	0
Ben , that 's so IRONIC because I was just thinking about this VERY UNIQUE idea and then you just posted about it , it 's so RANDOM !	0
I was LITERALLY rofl !	0
Seriously , then we need a new word for `` deliberate internet meme '' that people can start using .	0
img alt= F r i e n d s O n l y- Comment to be added .	0
That is one awesome piece of art !	0
( *0* )	0
Lol , I thought the same thing when I found it !	0
There 's a Lovecraft story waiting to happen	0
First thing that crossed my mind was tentacle rape but even that did n't ruin the awesomeness of this picture .	0
; __ ;	0
W-wow ... that 's a wicked awesome picture ... looks like something from Pirates of the Caribbean ... gone Victorian ... lolz .	1
that is for the win !	1
haha I love that image .	0
The artist name is Dan Hiller I think .	0
I found it while looking for Victorian images and fell in love !	0
seconded	0
this looks like a Married to the Sea comic waiting to happen	0
The artist is awesome .	0
You should really check it out .	1
Dan Hiller .	0
Also , I love married to the sea .	0
Married to the Sea is so amazing !	0
^__^I will look him up , because that picture is awesome .	0
freaking AWESOME picture .	0
Dan Hiller ?	0
Pretty cool .	0
I highly recommend his stuff ! ^_^	0
a is such a bad idea .	0
Even if every state has this , that 's still 50 individuals who think they 're in charge .	0
If you make one national organization , there 's ONE person who thinks he 's in charge .	0
One person who can become a power-hungry maniac and screw over everyone .	0
I mean , I agree that it 's not ias bad/i of an idea as a centralized federal agency .	0
The point is just that there already exist a bunch of federally funded agencies devoted to domestic intelligence gathering .	0
Well , yeah , and the NSA too .	0
Still , domestic intelligence ?	0
That there is even a need for that implies that people are n't happy with the government .	0
The essence of the social contract is that if people are n't happy , the government should change -- not that the government should try to gather intelligence to increase its power over them .	0
Creeeeeeeepy .	1
Almost as creepy as that Bachman woman saying that we need to investigate all of Congress to determine who 's `` pro-American '' and who 's `` anti-American . ''	0
a id= '' 1 '' > Why , Sen. McCarthy , I did n't recognize you in the form of a congresswoman of Minnesota .	0
Horrible to see your policies of fear mongering and paranoia are alive and well in our times .	0
Now would be a good time for folks to send a few dollars to Bachmann 's a who seems like a good guy , even aside from the fact that he 's most emphatically not Michele Bachmann .	0
Hell , I would vote for that guy based on his name .	0
Tinklenberg ?	0
Sign me up ! But seriously ... the country is moving closer and closer back to McCarthyism .	1
This crazy Bachman bitch is preaching it , and that article about a domestic intelligence agency sounds like the same thing to me .	0
span class='ljedittime'emEdited at 2008-10-21 03:16 pm UTC/em/span	0
I thought this was the FBI 's job ?	0
I 'm still not clear on how domestic investigation does n't automatically get included in that .	0
Yeah , exactly .	0
And the NSA 's .	0
It 's really covered quite well .	0
Hey , I could go work for the new agency if they start it !	0
( Not !	0
) Why do you think it 's such a bad idea ?	0
I have my reasons , but wonder why you take umbrage .	0
Unnecessary .	0
We already have FBI and NSA .	0
Liable to be misused .	1
Like the CIA , when the CIA is used within our borders ( and frequently without , too ) .	0
For use on Americans ?	0
Really ?	0
What 's the cause ?	0
Did the Unabomber warrant this ?	0
There 's simply no evidence to suggest such a thing is necessary .	0
The resources are better spent on more cops for rough cities , among other things .	1
40 or so people die from gun violence every day in America , which adds up to be way more than are killed by terrorism pretty quickly .	0
5. Who gets oversight ?	0
I assume the Executive , and the Exec already has ENOUGH power -- much more than the Constitution specifies .	0
It pretty much already exists , in the form of a Centers a source ) .	0
The existing intelligence fusion s are [ theoretically/technically/kinda ] state institutions rather than a centralized federal one , but they 're funded by federal grants , accountable to federal oversight , and several of them ( if not all - we 're not sure yet ) are required to share the intelligence they gather with federal agencies.span class='ljedittime'emEdited at 2008-10-23 03:28 pm UTC/em/span	0
If you have a paid account , LJ is extending it for 14 days due to the service outage : a	0
Oh joy of joys !	0
My life is now complete !	0
Two more weeks of LJ ! ! !	0
Nifty .	0
Ooooo .	0
That 's a precident that will destroy the company .	0
Bad idea .	0
Ya got ta balance the `` touchy-feely '' with good business sense .	0
Two days I could see , although it would n't be worth it .	0
Two weeks is total overkill .	1
You are wise ... Customers know they are n't buying a perpetual motion machine .	0
Nice .	0
Thanks for the heads-up !	0
img alt= /span style=font-size : larger ; friends only./spancomment telling me who you are , or how you found me , and i 'll most likely add you.xx .	0
Mackenzie .	0
I 'm from safans .	0
added !	0
hey !	0
You just found me through my amazing SA post !	0
Hey , This is Gabi .	0
I do n't tend to use my LJ anymore .	0
aww !	0
well i added you anyway .	0
andlt ; 3	0
you seem interesting , added you .	0
Add back ?	0
definitely.i was going to ask where you found me , but never mind , i just saw that we are in a number of the same communities !	0
Yea was going to say we are in lots of the same communities and have seen you around !	0
But you havent added me back lovely !	0
oh gosh , i thought i did !	0
just added you now .	0
smallthis is sugarlimbs : ) /small	0
hey its tj , if you care to add me you may ^_^miss ya	0
just added you !	0
its sam !	0
( sbutt02 ) i have a new nameee	0
added !	0
i used to be numbfevers , friends ?	0
of course , just added you !	0
I saw your post on the Occupational Therapy group .	0
I 'd love to add you as a friend and get your insight on how school goes .	1
I am going to be starting my pre-reqs for OT school this fall .	0
I have my undergrad degree from Gonzaga in business and have been working in marketing .	0
I 'm ready for a major career change and have a bunch of pre-reqs to take since almost nothing in my business degree is relevent .	0
hi !	0
i actually decided not to go to OT school about a year ago , instead i 'm pursuing my MSW .	0
best of luck though !	0
it really is a great field , i just decided i did n't want to work in healthcare .	0
Hey .	0
I found you on project_cute .	0
I started a new secret project for CIWWAF .	0
It 'd be awesome if you joined .	0
: ] Tell everybody you know ! span class='ljuser ljuser-name_welovecute_duh ' lj : user='welovecute_duh ' style='white-space : nowrap ; text-decoration : line-through ; 'a href= ' src= ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='16 ' height='16 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= '	0
If you added me , it would be cool .	0
hey I just added you as you warmly welcomed me to the jm community and also replied to my post last month .	0
If its not too weird ( seeing as you do n't know me ) add me back	0
hey , saw that you were going to gma on friday so i wanted to say hi !	0
maybe well bump into each other	0
yeah !	0
i ca n't wait .	0
how early are you going to get there ?	0
i ca n't go any earlier than 6 .	0
ahh me too !	0
im not sure .	0
i think about 6ish too bc of the train schedule .	1
i hope its early enough to get close to him	0
same here !	0
where are you coming from ? and i justed posted on local-83 and someone said they were coming around 3-4ish .	0
jeez .	0
ps i 'm adding you !	0
p align= '' '' a http : /licemeichi.comortfolio/014-churchstate.html '' http : /licemeichi.comortfolio/014-churchstate-big.jpg '' border= '' 0 '' p align= '' left '' I painted this illustration as a way of expressing my frustration at the way America has been heading in recent years.In spite of the incredible step forward recently in the election of Barack Obama , the passing of Proposition 8 shows that we have a long way to go as a nation .	0
In recent years more than ever , right-wing politics has brought religion into the equation -- an exercise that casts incredible aspersions on the very foundations of this nation .	1
One of the first cornerstones of America called for the separation of Church and State , and yet issues such as abortion and gay rights have absolutely no redeeming features in a secular context .	0
How have we , as citizens in this Land of the Free , come to spit in the face of our Founding Fathers ?	0
They , above all , knew that religion pollutes politics and vice versa.Christians do n't deny Atheists any rights , and Atheism goes against the First Commandment .	0
Why should they deny any rights to homosexuals from a few verses in the Bible ?	1
Live , and let fucking live .	0
Thank you .	0
: ) : :Hugs back : :	0
The variety of `` Christian '' that would go around trying to codify the exclusivity of their beliefs into law has no more respect for atheists than it does for gays .	0
Christianist lawmaking harms both the law and Christianity .	0
That 's very true , but they have n't tried to take any civil liberties away from Atheists ( yet ) ... I remember back when I was a Junior in high school , my Christian Doctrine teacher passed these pamphlets out that called for a proposition which took away ALL civil rights from gays .	0
: / And named ridiculous reasons , such as how gays make a higher income than heterosexuals or whatever to incite jealousy/bitterness .	0
When he asked for the pamphlets back to pass around to the next class , I stood up and tore my copy up in front of him .	0
A few people applauded , but most started spreading `` rumors '' that I was gay .	0
The passage of these measures reflects a conservative majority , however slim that is .	0
What happened to the Senate , however , shows that Republicans lost seats despite social conservatives having a larger majority of this year 's vote .	0
( California and Florida both voted Obama .	0
) So , it actually shows that , at least in this election , running on a socially conservative platform was not enough to win the votes .	1
People have spoken for a change in their elected government but voted conservatively on other issues .	1
Two steps foward , one step back .	0
Still a long ways for us to go , indeed .	0
The problem , as I see it , is that people still vote for selfish interests rather than trying to protect their fellow citizens and their rights .	1
It 's the difference between a millionaire voting Democrat because they figure they could stand to lose a couple thousand a year for the good of the economy or voting Republican because they want to keep their private jet running .	0
: /Those who voted for Prop 8 either voted out of fear/discrimination of homosexuals or because they were following what their church told them like sheep .	0
Never once has it entered their mind that they might be wrecking their fellow Americans ' lives .	0
Oddly enough , our fcked up state passed Prop 2 , which mandates that farm animals have adequate room to move around , stretch , etc .	0
Yet , we 're denying gay folks who have no choice in who they are the rights granted to `` normal '' people .	0
Every time I saw a pro-Prop8 sign , it made me livid .	0
They claimed that a yes vote would protect children in schools , promote equality , and protect marriage .	0
It 's so misleading when the pro-8 people had signs that had a website called `` www.protectmarriage.org .	1
`` The entirety of prop 8 is this : '' Section 1 : TitleThis measure shall be known and may be sited as the `` California Marriage Protection Act .	0
`` Section 2 : Section 7.5 is added to Article I of the California Constitution to read : Section 7.5 Only marriage between a man and a woman is valid or recognized in California .	0
`` Since where does it say that a no vote will force children to know about same-sex marriage , destroy families , and lead to disintegrating morals ?	0
This is nearly a definition clause in the constitution .	0
When idiots start treating this stuff like the elastic clause , you know we 're screwed when people start believing in the bullshit they spew out.When I looked at the vote breakdown by race , whites were slightly in disfavor , hispanics were slightly in favor , and blacks were strongly in favor of Prop 8.While California overwhelmingly voted for Obama , Obama also did not support passage of Prop 8 , despite supposed distaste for gay marriage .	0
Of all people that I would have hoped to understand the plight of the repressed minority , I thought the African-American community would have understood .	0
But alas , they do n't learn from their lessons ( or maybe they have and would rather be the people that continue the cycle ) .So in conclusion , California would rather give rights to animals , and take them away from gays .	1
The only real social highlights I would consider reasonable was the rejection of the parental notification of a minor 's abortion .	1
Not everyone lives in a supportive and happy-go-lucky family , and I 'm glad it did n't pass.But if nothing else , we 'll get that high speed rail that joins San Francisco with San Diego .	0
Even if it is expensive , at least it 'll provide jobs and a really cool engineering marvel that the other industrialized countries enjoy now .	0
iI thought the African-American community would have understood .	0
But alas , they do n't learn from their lessons ( or maybe they have and would rather be the people that continue the cycle ) .	0
I do n't think it 's fair to place the blame on African-Americans as a culture for this .	1
a id= '' 12 '' > The blame is squarely on religion .	0
After all , it was the Mormons who heavily funded Prop 8 .	0
Of course , there were black people who voted due to religion and there is no excuse for that .	0
My point is that we should n't turn to just one race as a scapegoat .	0
I understand that their religion played the biggest part in it .	0
Even the Catholic church made a huge push to support 8 as well , but the Hispanics who are usually very religious only barely supported the measure .	0
I originally thought that the Hispanic population would have overwhelmingly voted for prop 8 , and that the blacks would be 50/50 .	0
Turns out it was the other way around .	0
But let 's assume that poll conducted by CNN was severely flawed as speculated .	0
We all know religion was what caused the passage , but my main gripe was that people decided to fall on religion instead of their experience to vote .	0
Again , expectations were turned upside-down , and that was what upset me the most.I was more upset that a majority of people who voted for the issue did n't see the measure as an issue of rights and equality for all , just about gay marriage .	0
( Actually , the pro-8 people really really twisted it so bad it made me want to puke . )	0
CNN probably unfairly concluded that blacks overwhelmingly voted for prop 8 , but it does n't excuse anyone for voting for prop 8 , because a lot of every race was responsible for its passage .	0
Yep , that 's exactly what I 'm saying .	0
There 's been a lot of race-baiting going on lately , and I just wanted to assuage that .	0
But ... but ...	0
THINK OF THE CHILDREN ! ! !	0
You mean , the children who have to grow up with gay polygamous parents who indulge in bestiality ? ? ?	0
OH NOES .	0
Yep ... those would be the ones .	0
... as if their happiness is harmful .	1
It 's not .	0
it amazes me how much effort these people put into breaking up innocent people 's lifestyles over - what ?	0
it if it 's also disgust ?	0
just `` looks bad '' ?	0
I think some straight couples disgust me too !	0
Would that count ? -- -Great illustration .	0
Brainzzzz .	0
Melting .	0
Perfect .	0
Seriously -- the reason Separation of Church and state was brought about was to protect the citizens ' practice of religion ... be it Christianity , Judaisim , Islam , Buddism , Hinduism , etc ... Why should one religion have more legislative influence than any other ?	1
Thanks .	0
oooh this looks like your first genuinely editorial piece .	0
Send it out !	0
Thanks ! !	0
I thought I 'd try it out .	0
XD And I totally will .	0
Wow , very powerful image for a powerful though !	0
: hugs :	0
David Shrigleya _blankimg border=0 alt=Photobucketa _blankimg border=0 alt=Photobucketa _blankimg border=0 alt=Photobucketa _blankimg border=0 alt=Photobucketa _blankimg border=0 alt=Photobucketa _blankimg border=0 alt=Photobucketa _blankimg border=0 alt=PhotobucketZhang Huana _blankimg border=0 alt=Photobucketa _blankimg border=0 alt=Photobucketa _blankimg border=0 alt=PhotobucketNeo Raucha _blankimg border=0 alt=Photobucketa _blankimg border=0 alt=Photobucketa _blankimg border=0 alt=PhotobucketTakashi Murakamia _blankimg border=0 alt=Photobucketa _blankimg border=0 alt=Photobucketa _blankimg border=0 alt=Photobucketa _blankimg border=0 alt=Photobucketa _blankimg border=0 alt=Photobucket/	0
that giant person , and also the giant slab of concrete ( ? )	0
look pretty amazing .	0
i bet it was even better in person though !	0
like the murakami , seeing pictures makes it look so pretty ( those rooms ) but being there almost ihurt/i .	0
haha	0
gosh , that murakami exhibit at the brooklyn museum was awesome , was n't it ?	0
( also david shrigley is amazing )	0
We were actually in the same room with David Shrigley at the gallery and did n't realize it .	0
We were all saying how cool the show was and how much we liked it and he just sat there with his back to us and did n't even turn around , so that made me think that maybe he is n't as awesome as everyone thinks .	1
Or maybe he was just in a bad mood .	0
But yeah his art is some of my favorite art .	0
strongThe good news/strong : I 'm one week into a hundred push ups training program and well on my way to having TRICEPS OF STEEL .	0
*flexes*strongThe bad news/strong : Pretty much everything else !	0
This is why I watch TV.I 've only seen a couple of episodes of Castle , and so far I 'm ambivalent about it , but I am tickled to death that he was issued a bulletproof vest that says WRITER in place of the usual POLICE or FBI .	0
Sensible !	0
but also hilarious !	0
Obviously the rest of the stable of quirky law-enforcement adjuncts need similarly custom-emblazoned Kevlar .	0
Shawn and Gus 's would say PSYCHIC ! !	0
( sic ) and MAGIC HEAD , respectively ; Charlie 's would say I DO MATH ; Bones would request that hers say FORENSIC ANTHROPOLOGIST , but Booth would intercept it and change it to SQUINT .	0
I 'm not sure what Cal Lightman 's would say , but Neal Caffrey 's could read either CON ARTIST or PROP .	0
OF SPECIAL AGENT PETER BURKE ; and Patrick Jane 's would say BATSHIT INSANE .	0
But of course he would n't wear it.span style= '' font-size : smaller ; '' crossposted from dreamwidth : a | a | a comments ( alt= '' comment count unavailable '' style= '' vertical-align : middle ; '' / ) /span	0
I highly approve of this post adding joy to the immense lameitude of my Monday .	0
I DO MATH .	0
( I do n't , obviously , but . )	0
I DO MATH PLZ DO N'T SHOOT ME KTHXBoo to the lameitude of Monday .	0
iPatrick Jane 's would say BATSHIT INSANE .	0
But of course he would n't wear it./iAh ha ha !	0
that 's the best thing I 've read all day .	0
; ) I 'm two weeks behind on the show , but I 've just binged on a whole bunch of Mentalist fic , and it has driven home for me yet again how that guy is one giant pile of reckless , self-loathing craaaaazy .	0
I do love him so !	0
qShawn and Gus 's would say PSYCHIC ! !	0
( sic ) and MAGIC HEAD , respectively ; Charlie 's would say I DO MATH/qI love this idea !	0
And look at me , all using the quote feature -- actually , I just think that means I 'm lazy and do n't want to copy , paste , and then do the italics html because that might take me a whole 10 seconds longer .	0
I fail .	0
So helpful to both the viewer and any possible psychopaths waving guns around !	0
And hey , I figure the quote feature is there for you to use , and taking advantage of it is just the sensible thing to do !	1
Those extra ten seconds could come in handy later .	0
Oh , very good point !	0
I am being sensible , not lazy !	0
*taps nose* Exactly .	0
Would you like to see a film that , for pure information and interest , exceeds nearly anything you can name or have ever seen ? Here it is : a `` bbigZeitgeist/big/b	0
Wow , I watched the whole thing .	0
Scary ! I was somewhat bored with the first part because I knew most of those things , but the second and the third part were quite shocking.I personally think that America is hopeless , I do n't see a revolution happening there .	1
I find that country scary , it 's one of the reasons why I would n't like to visit it , nevermind live there ...	0
Well , I agree .	0
But it is n't any more hopeless than most of the rest of the world .	1
It is n't like these people and their agenda only exists within the borders of the US or that it 's an American idea and Americans mean to take over the world starting with their own country .	0
After all , it 's a New World Order they 're aiming for .	0
A One World Government .	0
It 's where the European Union and the United Nations came from .	0
And where the American Union will come from .	0
They 've just infiltrated the United States government .	0
Living anywhere corporations control large portions of the government and the country 's infrastructure ( let alone legal system and military ) is as bad as anywhere else it happens .	0
Living under the control of power-mad elitist pieces of asshole shit anywhere is terrible .	0
Some are just more blatant and short-term about their despotic megalomania .	0
You 'd probably have to travel far less distance , if you 'd have to travel at all , in order to live in a place just as corrupted as the US has become .	0
It is n't hopeless anywhere in the world .	0
But it 's a hell of a climb out of the grave they 're making us think we 're digging ourselves .	0
See , this is why you have to move to Canuckistan .	0
It 's a good idea you have there .	0
Why , is it like Amsterdam only closer ?	0
Utopiastan .	0
I sure do .	0
Mewwww .	0
I added you .Shit you have a very cool journel man you are justone talented guy .	0
I could not stop reading your stuff .	0
all I can say is your stuff is awsomeP.S is all the Art done by you ? ?	0
if so you ROCK	0
Mikey and I are gearing up for our trip to New York.We will be there June 17th-20th.We will then head to Maine to have a vacation away fromeveryone and everything at his Mama 's house in the middle of the woods..Words can not describe how excited I am.i ca n't stop listening to this : annie : girlfriend ( get shakes remix ) lsdyhawke : paris ( alex gopher remix ) electronic : get the messagehot chip : wearing my rolex ( live ) scarlett johansson : nobody knows im gonelove is all : make out , fall out ( the bees version ) my bloody valentine : drive it all over mehow is everyone ? does anyone on my friends list still exist ?	0
I am going to be in NYC on the 17th !	0
Only the 17th and the morning of the 18th .	0
HAHA we should go to Moby 's vegan restaurant .	0
OMGlet 's meet up in NYC PLEEEEAAASE.i miss you sooo much.xxcall me	0
yay ! I will call you .	0
yes i exist .	0
i 'd love to meet up .	0
i am still in nyc.917-859-0628erinnicole @ erinnicolebrown.comhit me up when you are in town .	0
i can show you the best happy hour spots nyc has to offer ! x enb	0
i dont believe in living on the internet .	0
only death.how are you girl !	0
existing but I never update anymore , I just read.Maine is so pretty , you 'll love it .	1
Wish you were getting to New York sooner , because I 'm moving to Rhode Island on June 1st but I 'm going to London on the 10th and I 'll be there till Aug 19th .	1
Have fun on your trips .	0
By way of span class='ljuser ljuser-name_professor_chai ' lj : user='professor_chai ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href='http : /rofessor-chai.livejournal.comrofile '' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href='http : /rofessor-chai.livejournal.com/'bprofessor_chai/b/spanI 'm using Livejournal for its primary purpose ! Reply with yes if you want me to : a ) Tell you why I befriended you.b ) Associate you with something -- a fandom , song , color , photo , etc.c ) Tell you something I like about you.d ) Tell you a memory I have of you.e ) Ask you something I 've wanted to know about youf ) Tell you my favorite userpic from your profile.g ) In return , you need to post this on your own	0
a ) You make everything super fun , everything .	0
I bet doing laundry or drywalling something with you would be near orgasmic.b ) The painting at SDCC , god that painting.c ) You have what seems like no inhibition , which is a trait I 'm envious of.d ) When you jokingly offered me and Devin coke when we first met , and I thought you were being half serious.e ) Were you ever a shy kid ?	0
I guess what were you like as a kid ? f ) I ca n't remember your user icons , they all pale in comparison to your old business card you made with Jamie.g ) Post it up Tylord .	0
Hokay .	0
a ) The Daily Grind , when you pissed Natasha off I thought it was funny .	0
She blew that way out proportion I think.b ) Robust ladies with crooked smilesc ) You basically own a bookstore , which is rad .	0
I hope its doing well.d ) Hanging out at Jamies doing jam comics , dranking beeeeers.e ) Whats the most frustrating thing about your marriage ? f ) That 's the only LJ icon you have right ? g ) Post it up duder	0
I think it 's neat when people respond back to these things .	0
a ) Yes .	0
Thanks.b ) Yes , thanks again.c ) It is doing well .	0
We 're not in the black yet , but things could n't be going more according to plan.d ) Was a good time.e ) This one is interesting .	0
A general lack of money is a frustrating problem , that causes issues in my marriage .	0
But that does n't really feel like I 'm answering the question .	0
I often get frustrated at the amount of things I 'm supposed to remember during casual conversations .	0
Dates of future events , etc .	0
That usually leads me to feel like a heel , like I do n't care enough to pay attention , so having those conversations afterwards where I feel like I let her down because I did n't remember something , that 's frustrating.f ) Actually I have several , like six I think.g ) Done .	0
( well , in a minute )	0
font size= '' 1 '' Shit , I guess I outta be hip to this trend ! /font	0
DOOOO IIITTT	0
a ) You were like a taller , older , more unhappy version of myself , I guess I was trying to find out what my future was like .	0
You 've grown on me since then.b ) The chicken dick .	0
I swear to god its gon na get tattoo 'd on someone at some point.c ) You 're tenacious , and in spite of the terrible shit I see happen to you you continue to soldier on.d ) At APE when I told you you were an dick to me online when I first met you.e ) What 's your biggest regret ? f ) I like peg pig.g ) I know you 're already doing this , but you should write more about me .	0
Biggest regret ... leaving school before getting my degree .	0
I 'm here because a demanded I come see this comic.Do n't remember who ...	0
I think span class='ljuser ljuser-name_kingthunder ' lj : user='kingthunder ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= ' src= ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' did.Wait , are n't I supposed to be answering the questions , not you ?	0
YOU WIN THIS ROUND , BATMAN !	0
I 'll try and answer some anyways , what ones I can.b ) You make me want mexican food , so bad.e ) If you were to describe yourself in a single sentence , it would be ?	0
Also are you always as excited as you look in your icon ? f ) Your icon scares me , honestly.g ) Post it up duder	0
do me do me !	0
OKAY : IT 'S DRIVING ME INSANE .	1
DOES ANYONE KNOW THIS SONG ?	0
It goes getting better , all the time , getting better , all the time ( these are the only lyrics I know ) .	0
It 's poppy , kind of techno-ish , there 's a key change in there .	0
PLEASE .	0
Well , you never know .	0
It could be like that crazy bad Daft Punk cover of 'Somebody To Love ' .	0
That was the Boogie Pimps , but yes !	0
I think I 'll ask at HMV .	0
Ah , sorry .	0
Getting my shoddy techno bands confuzzled .	0
: D I am the queen of shoddy techno bands.Also : YOU !	0
MSN PARTY !	0
TONIGHTTT .	0
OMFG I ACTUALLY KNOW SOMETHING MUSIC RELATED ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	0
DO N'T FAINT PEOPLE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	0
SQUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEwE ! ! !	0
*ahem* Sorry , got a little excited .	0
It 's by the Beatles .	1
I forgot the name of the song though .	0
I know because I only listen to the Beatles and Weezer , and it 's definitely the Beatles .	0
OMGZ I COULD ACTUALLY COMMENT ON MEGGIE 'S POST BECAUSE I 'M USUALLY A SUPER-TARD WHEN IT COMES TO MUSIC ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	0
*parties like it 's 1994*	0
TITLE : Getting BetterARTIST : The BeatlesLYRICS : It 's getting better all the timeI used to get mad at my school Now I ca n't complainThe teachers who taught me were n't cool Now I ca n't complainYou 're holding me down , ah , turning me round , ahFilling me up with your rules , ooh ooh { Refrain } I 've got to admit it 's getting better , betterA little better all the time , it ca n't get no worseI have to admit it 's getting better , betterIt 's getting better since you 've been mineMe used to be angry young manMe hiding me head in the sandYou gave me the word , I finally heardI 'm doing the best that I can { Refrain } Getting so much better all the timeIt 's getting better all the timeBetter , better , betterIt 's getting better all the timeBetter , better , betterI used to be cruel to my womanI beat her and kept her apart from the things that she lovedMan I was mean but I 'm changing my sceneAnd I 'm doing the best that I can { Refrain } Getting so much better all the timeIt 's getting better all the timeBetter , better , betterIt 's getting better all the timeBetter , better , betterGetting so much better all the time	0
SQUEE-SPAMMAGE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! w ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	0
! I 'm really done now , I promise .	0
a there .	0
Found you at the holes community .	0
i was wondering if you caould update/fix that screencaps thing .	0
the site had expired on it or whatever .	0
if you can , then thanks so much : )	0
At least we will all learn something new .	0
* In 1976 , Status Quo covered the song for the transitory musical documentary All This and World War II .	0
* In the late 1990s , the song was recorded as a cover for the Australian television show Better Homes and Gardens .	0
* In 2000 , it was covered by Gomez on their album Abandoned Shopping Trolley Hotline , this version was used as a theme song for the Philips ' television ad campaigns in 2001 .	0
* In 2003 , the song was again covered by the band Smash Mouth for the film adaptation of Dr. Seuss 's The Cat in the Hat.I 'm not sure this will answer you q though.Thanks anyway , Wiki !	0
a _blank border=0 width=274 height=300 alt=click to be transported to hp_chorus/	0
thats familiar to me too	0
OutGamed gives users access to some of the best games and reviews online .	0
No need to waste your time looking for your arcade fix .	0
OutGamed.com is the hub of online gaming .	0
Flash , Java and Shockwave powered high-quality games , 24 hours a day , 7 days a week !	0
If you 're not sure , you can choose trial ! !	0
! Vizit	0
Meg ! It 's klamour ( at my new lj ) , I ca n't believe you 're not on my flist !	0
Add me back quick !	0
I missed you .	0
= ) ( Wow , I do n't know if it 's just the music I 'm listening to , but suddenly I feel the need to punctuate everything with an exclaimation mark ! ! )	0
This is link to my source a img	0
Okay good .	0
I hear it in all these shops and on the radio but can find *no* mention of it , anywhere .	0
I thought I was going mad !	0
Is that the one we were talking about yesterday ?	0
Quite possibly , I DO NOT RECALL .	0
Have you tried using that funny website thing that lets you tap the tune using your spacebar and then tells you what the song is ?	0
I 'm not sure of the address , but a quick Google should find it .	0
I have n't , but I 'm hopeless with tunes .	0
I guess I could try ...	0
On second thought , could it possibly be a Beatles cover ?	0
Those are the only lyrics , though ?	0
this weekend i 'll have this : a pentax digital slr .	0
i have been told it is the worst brand camera to get .	0
but i 'm ignoring this advice and getting it anyway .	0
oh and a nice 28-300mm tamron lens .	0
oh and a remote .	0
i mean who wants to read about my life , it 's boring ... it 's only just about the pictures .	0
so i 'll give you pictures alright .	0
*shakes fist*to pay for it , i 'm selling a apple cinema display .	0
let me tell you , it 's a damn good buy.so i 'm off to wait for my camera and snap , snap .	0
I mean , I do really like the pictures because I 'm more visually oriented , and I am happy that you 'll be posting more photos , but I like to read about your life too .	0
It 's all about balance ! I 'll second the Canon recommendation ( and I 'm a Nikon guy ) .	0
If you 're going to buy into a DSLR system , I think Canon 's is the best one out there .	1
If you only ever plan to get the one lens , then it 's not a huge deal I suppose , but if you plan on getting a variety of lenses that you 'll be using for a number of years , then you want to go with a camera company that 's going to be around .	0
youre selling an ACD to get a pentax ? thats topsy turvy.more ppl masturbate over camera performances than they do taking photos.i guarantee there are more shit photogs around than shit dslrs.ie its the photographer not the camera that makes it a good 'photo '	0
Well said , yawningpenis .	0
A good photographer can do awesome work with a polaroid or 'phonecam .	1
Many people ( who own them ) could n't take a good picture with 2500 worth of camera equipment .	0
well i have a 17 '' PowerBook and 15 '' MBP , so the 20 '' display is just too small .	0
i may invest in the 23 '' to make having one worth while.did you get your FB dimms for the MacPro ?	0
im not goign to ask why you have a 17 and a 15 mac laptop.im assuming you wanted the intel chip ... i got them a few weeks ago from OWC.and by bluetooth module is on its way.massdebating about the ati x1900xt for aperture ...	0
my bf got a canon 400D the other day but i have no idea about that sort of stuff so really , this is a pointless comment : P	0
well the 400d is ... errr.. something i would 've wish i could 've got : P	0
Well I always like to read about your life , so I hope you still find time to write about it : ) You 're a very talented photographer , but I shall be hoping for some words here and there too : )	0
I 'm trying to think of a way to say do n't get Pentax without sounding desperate but.. eh .	0
For the love of GOD , do n't get Pentax .	1
If you 're after an entry level DSLR go Canon .	0
Get a 350D , or even a 400D .	0
why , what 's the reason ?	0
Canon provide an overall better photography system , from body to sensor to optics ( canon Lseries lenses are something out of this world ) .	0
I ca n't tell which model Pentax that is in particular , but at the very least it has a CCD , rather than CMOS sensor , and wo n't be more than 6.1 MP .	0
If you do go for pentax , I would advise from experience that you get an extended gaurentee.Globally they do have a record of not being the best for the price and very fragile .	1
They are not the worst you can get , but they are not far off it .	0
Pentax have tried to enter the digital market without really looking at what a camera needs to be worth having , and until they come up with soething far better than what I have used and seen from them so far , I would avoid spending money on one.andlt ; 333	0
well the pentax is n't going to be a huge step for me .	0
i just sold out and got it because i just do n't have the money to spend on getting a canon - and have it for the sake of having an slr .	0
i 'll have to stick to my canon film slr until in a few years i can afford to upgrade again : )	0
oh yes , i got the extended 3 year warranty for it too !	0
Very pleades to hear that .	0
I hope it is not needed , but you will be so glad you have got it if it does break like many before it has.andlt ; 333	0
I am sure you will do well with it.Just try to look after it , I enjoy your images as much as I enjoy your words , and together they are complete works of art.I wish I were in a position to pay the difference between the pentax and a great cannon , but we both know I am in as bad a situation you are.andlt ; 333	0
img I really hate the blogs .	0
I love you so fucking much .	0
I am downloading this screenshot to look at when times are hard .	0
Second ! Seriously , though , most comment sections in general suck because of stuff like that .	1
Is the trip you were talking about for the duration of your break , or is it over yet ?	0
If so , having fun with what you have left ?	0
Oh , that was me , by the way .	0
I 'm back home .	0
12 days to Boston.Home is ... home .	0
iDelete them./i That would be my policy.You 've seen a I hope ?	0
I mark them as spam , which makes it iawesome/i when people start sending these WTF WHY CANT I POST ON YR BLOG WAHHH emails .	0
Really , only two things.1 .	0
If they did n't do that , you would n't get to do this ( post an entry on your OTHER blog about it , and then get my smartass response ) .and ... 2 .	0
Delete !	0
I mean the blog , not the comments .	0
I really really should actually get around to watching this show , cause I have no idea who this woman is ... .table border= '' 0 '' cellpadding= '' 5 '' cellspacing= '' 0 '' width= '' 600 '' You scored as bPresident Laura Roslin/b .	1
You may be ill but you have a job to do .	0
Fate has put you in a powerful position by accident , but it turns out you are damn good at it .	0
You are no warrior , but in the political arena you are without peer.brbrtable border= '' 0 '' width= '' 300 '' cellspacing= '' 0 '' cellpadding= '' 0 '' trtdpfont face= '' Arial '' size= '' 1 '' President Laura Roslin/font/tdtdtable border= '' 1 '' cellpadding= '' 0 '' cellspacing= '' 0 '' width= '' 75 '' bgcolor= '' # dddddd '' trtd/td/tr/table/tdtdfont face= '' Arial '' size= '' 1 '' 75 % /font/td/trtrtdpfont face= '' Arial '' size= '' 1 '' CPO Galen Tyrol/font/tdtdtable border= '' 1 '' cellpadding= '' 0 '' cellspacing= '' 0 '' width= '' 69 '' bgcolor= '' # dddddd '' trtd/td/tr/table/tdtdfont face= '' Arial '' size= '' 1 '' 69 % /font/td/trtrtdpfont face= '' Arial '' size= '' 1 '' Capt .	0
Lee Adama ( Apollo ) /font/tdtdtable border= '' 1 '' cellpadding= '' 0 '' cellspacing= '' 0 '' width= '' 63 '' bgcolor= '' # dddddd '' trtd/td/tr/table/tdtdfont face= '' Arial '' size= '' 1 '' 63 % /font/td/trtrtdpfont face= '' Arial '' size= '' 1 '' Commander William Adama/font/tdtdtable border= '' 1 '' cellpadding= '' 0 '' cellspacing= '' 0 '' width= '' 44 '' bgcolor= '' # dddddd '' trtd/td/tr/table/tdtdfont face= '' Arial '' size= '' 1 '' 44 % /font/td/trtrtdpfont face= '' Arial '' size= '' 1 '' Lt. Kara Thrace ( Starbuck ) /font/tdtdtable border= '' 1 '' cellpadding= '' 0 '' cellspacing= '' 0 '' width= '' 44 '' bgcolor= '' # dddddd '' trtd/td/tr/table/tdtdfont face= '' Arial '' size= '' 1 '' 44 % /font/td/trtrtdpfont face= '' Arial '' size= '' 1 '' Number 6/font/tdtdtable border= '' 1 '' cellpadding= '' 0 '' cellspacing= '' 0 '' width= '' 44 '' bgcolor= '' # dddddd '' trtd/td/tr/table/tdtdfont face= '' Arial '' size= '' 1 '' 44 % /font/td/trtrtdpfont face= '' Arial '' size= '' 1 '' Tom Zarek/font/tdtdtable border= '' 1 '' cellpadding= '' 0 '' cellspacing= '' 0 '' width= '' 38 '' bgcolor= '' # dddddd '' trtd/td/tr/table/tdtdfont face= '' Arial '' size= '' 1 '' 38 % /font/td/trtrtdpfont face= '' Arial '' size= '' 1 '' Dr Gaius Baltar/font/tdtdtable border= '' 1 '' cellpadding= '' 0 '' cellspacing= '' 0 '' width= '' 38 '' bgcolor= '' # dddddd '' trtd/td/tr/table/tdtdfont face= '' Arial '' size= '' 1 '' 38 % /font/td/trtrtdpfont face= '' Arial '' size= '' 1 '' Col. Saul Tigh/font/tdtdtable border= '' 1 '' cellpadding= '' 0 '' cellspacing= '' 0 '' width= '' 25 '' bgcolor= '' # dddddd '' trtd/td/tr/table/tdtdfont face= '' Arial '' size= '' 1 '' 25 % /font/td/trtrtdpfont face= '' Arial '' size= '' 1 '' Lt. Sharon Valerii ( Boomer ) /font/tdtdtable border= '' 1 '' cellpadding= '' 0 '' cellspacing= '' 0 '' width= '' 19 '' bgcolor= '' # dddddd '' trtd/td/tr/table/tdtdfont face= '' Arial '' size= '' 1 '' 19 % /font/td/trandlt ; /tdandgt ; /tr/tablebra New Battlestar Galactica character are you ? brfont face= '' Arial '' size= '' 1 '' created with a `` QuizFarm.com/font/table	0
qI really really should actually get around to watching this show/qYou really should .	1
Its very good .	0
I know who she is !	0
It 's the psych from Sopranos !	0
No actually , that 's Lorraine Bracco .	0
Yes , yes you should .	0
Tell me when next you come over and I will have the first season and likely the second for you to take home with you .	0
Some other opinions of the Other Annie Proulx Movie : a title= '' Didnand # 39 ; t care for it '' target= '' _blank '' Eherensteinland , a title= '' Didnand # 39 ; t care for it AT ALL '' target= '' _blank '' David Ehrenstein at HuffingtonPost , and Adam Mars-Jones at a title= '' Not fond of it either '' target= '' _blank '' Guardian Unlimited.br For the record : I have n't seen it , so I really have no opinion as of yet ; however I 'm probably gon na wait on this one -- I 'm just not a fan of Westerns . Even though its really a movie about sheepherders . Technically .	0
You make some excellent points - but my core ion ( perhaps I 'm not expressing myself well ) is very simple .	0
Leaving the argument about the words `` gay '' or `` love '' out of this , clearly there 's supposed to be a great deal of passion here - hence the bit about `` a force of nature '' in the advertising for the movie .	0
What does that `` force '' accomplish in the story ? Nada .	0
Zip .	0
Zilch .	0
Nothing.To me , that makes no sense ; passion drives people to strive for things , even if they fail .	0
Jim Henson 's passion for his work gave us the Muppets , characters that millions of people love .	0
Ian Anderson 's passion for music has given us some incredible albums .	0
Passionate architects gave us buildings like the Eiffel Tower , the Washington Monument and the Empire State Building .	0
Passion drove Van Gogh to ruin - while leaving amazing paintings in its wake.Perhaps there 's some personalization sneaking in here - I may not be entirely ive .	0
But my main ion to the story seems to me to be this basic structural element - passion is a dynamic , driving force and in iBrokeback Mountain/i it just ... does nothing .	0
I hear you more clearly .	0
I suppose I could agree with you and still go in a slightly different direction : I think stunted passion can drive people to lead lives in which they appear to be passionless .	1
It 's not an easy mindset to recall after nearly a decade being out of the closet , but I would say that I spent a good deal of my 20s , when I felt both uncomfortable with my own sexuality and isolated about being who I was , using my drive and my power as an intellectual , emotional , and spiritual being to either route my passion anywhere .	0
BUT sex , or to holding myself in.In a sense , what the movie gets `` right '' for me happens most clearly with Ennis 's character : the force of nature of his passion is one he devotes to containing himself , rather than trying to break free .	0
And he does fail to contain himself in many ways ... but what 's tragic is that had he failed a little more , he might have been able to succeed at something a lot more fulfilling.Does that make any sense ? Maybe one way I could come at it is nothing more than this : I had a couple of clunky , difficult relationships with women before I came out as a queer man , and I 've had a couple of decent relationships with women since coming out , fucking around with a lot of men , and giving my whole heart and soul to a couple of men over the years .	0
Which is to say : although my desires for women are a fairly small part of my overall makeup , I could only express them decently once I took the brakes off my WHOLE self.Gay , bi , or whatever , I think that 's the lesson I learned , and the film is about what happens if you *don't* learn and apply that lesson.The publicity for the film gets the film wrong , but I think the film gets this point sort of `` right . ''	0
Problem is , having lived through that myself , as I say , I 'm not sure it 's a story I really needed to sit through again .	0
andlt ; div class='ljparseerror ' [ bError : /b Irreparable invalid markup ( 'andlt ; iand # 39 ; mandgt ; ' ) in entry .	0
Owner must fix manually .	0
Raw contents below .	0
] div style= '' width : 95 % ; overflow : auto '' andlt ; andlt ; Iand # 39 ; m jaded partly because I see the potential for something even MORE wonderful than this film .	0
And I hear that same longing in the word of a lot of the other queens out there who are taken as andquot ; bitter.andquot ; andgt ; andgt ; ... which is all part of the process .	0
You support the art that is even only halfway there , to encourage more and more process .	0
Perfection is a damn near impossible task to conquer -- but can be a breathlessly wonderful/frustrating/fulfilling *process* to try and attain.Hype is hype is hype and it is part of the modern business of filmrt/music/whatever , so you choose to deal with it or not .	0
I , for one , donand # 39 ; t allow it to affect my end enjoyment ( or dislike ) of something./div/div	0
ithe hype around the movie is simply INTOLERABLE/iTaken literally , that 's a pretty weird statement .	0
What 's so hard about ignoring it ?	0
How many people are going on about it in their blogs ?	0
Hell , the magazine I work for had the movie as a cover story .	0
Unless I want to cut off a sizable chunk of the people I subscribe to on LJ and take other similarly drastic measures , it would be nearly impossible to avoid .	0
Perhaps I went a bit over the top with `` intolerable '' but it really is being extremely annoying .	0
For me , it 's been the weird sense of dislocation as people with whom I 'm usually simpatico started waiting breathlessly for something that , as far as I could see , looked apt to be problematic .	0
I 've been glad to discover that the film is LESS problematic than I worried it would be.Queer men spend lots of time feeling like outsiders ; I think when we notice that we 're varying in our reactions to something specifically about us , we feel that outsiderhood all the more sharply .	0
Feeling like a minority within the minority is tough .	0
Sorry , but this David guy sounds like a bitter , jaded queen who seems bent on impressing the reader with how many obscure gay-movie references he can cough up .	0
FEH !	0
Perhaps , but he 's also quite right.I have inever/i understood the furor over this tawdry little story ; it 's tedious , it 's depressing and ultimately unnecessary .	1
Yeah , yeah , yeah , it was the '60s before Stonewall - bso fucking WHAT ?	0
! /b If there 's this massive `` passion '' between these two characters something should ihappen/i with it -- people throughout history have risked worse for lust and love.As a chronicle of how many people with gay/bi tendencies have been stunted by societal expectations , it 's great .	0
The one thing it 's not is a love story - which is how the blind masses singing its praises describe it .	1
To borrow from a radically different genre , I grab two words from the world of iBabylon 5/i - bFAITH uMANAGES/u./b I 've always believed in the definition of love as `` the state where someone else 's well-being means more to you than your own '' - and that definition clearly does NOT hold in this story.You wan na talk about social pressure ?	0
It seems like if one states publically an opinion like mine , it 's near to instant pariah-hood that one is n't worshipping at the altar of this unctious little travesty .	0
I agree with you whole-heartedly about Ehrenstein -- he probably has never stepped outside of his little world to see , much less understand , how rural gay AND bisexual men live outside his little bubble of long-term happy partnership in a place where the dirtiest thing one encounters is the street person he passes on the sidewalk and inhabits the happy land of make-believe of movies and live-as-queerly-as-you-want-without-fear .	0
wAnd while Mars-Jones may have worked with Edmund White and spent some time in Charlottesville , Virginia , I have serious doubts if the Brit truly grasps the lives of rural Americans who are NOT in the `` ivory tower '' .	1
That is the big problem with blowhards like them -- they have never experienced the isolation and loneliness and societal pressure put on less-than-college-degreed rural American gay and bisexual men ... therefore the story and the premise means NOTHING to them .	0
They are happy to be urban -- and urbane -- '' queers '' of 2005 , and they never presume to `` lower themselves '' to understand lives that are different from their own ...	0
very much like the Log Cabin Republicans who are more concerned about taking care of their POSESSIONS than they are about the big-picture of what their political support does to us as a minority population ...	1
as `` W '' has no clue or compassion regarding the outcomes of his policies , since he has never lived with privation , never had to worry about how he would pay the bills if his job went away because someone always swooped in to fix things for him if things fell apart in his private life .	0
It 's one thing to not understand what you 've never experienced , it 's another thing entirely to disdain what you do n't understand without making an attempt to walk a mile in the boots you turn your nose up over .	0
And that does n't even touch the vast differences between the lives we are able to live NOW versus the experiences of non-urban gay and bi men prior to the 1970 's .	0
The story of `` Brokeback Mountain '' is sparse ... that is part of its power , because it requires the reader or viewer to put his/her OWN experiences into play and feel the emotion generated from within yourself --	1
not something that grabs you by the shoulders and says `` Oh , Bob -- I LOVE YOU ! `` and turns into a chick-flick full of flowery prose and verbal vomit that leads you to big block letters saying `` THIS IS A LOVE STORY ... YOU CAN TELL FROM THE LINES . ''	0
You have to apply your OWN experiences and ability to read non-verbal communication and pluck yourself out of L.A. or Cambridge and the life you live NOW in order to feel the impact of the setting and circumstances of the story ... and if you 've never been in love , never lived with vast distance between you and someone you love , never lived in small-town rural America , never lived with having nearly everyone in a 20-mile radius KNOWING you and your family , never lived with all those people who are the extent of your known world putting very exacting expectations on how you will live and die ... then you will have trouble connecting with the film and the story .	0
It 's a love story alright ... but it 's a tragedy , too ... passion between two people does not always lead to a happy conclusion when conditioning from childhood and reinforcement by a society that ca n't be separated from your own life makes your allegiance to compliance more important than what you love .	0
But it always leads to lives and potential unfulfilled when love is thwarted ... and depression , too .	1
We see a hell of a lot of that still , judging by the number of gay and bi men who are on anti-depressants and in therapy .	0
The story IS depressing and cathartic , yet very necessary -- it 's about US , even if we have n't lived through all the experiences of the characters ourselves .	0
By your logic , the only people who can `` legitimately '' comment on the story/movie are bi shepherds who 've spent a lot of time out in the middle of nowhere with a flock.I grant you there 's a certain amount of urban sniffery in those two perspectives on thot of truth in th my pserspective there 's also a lot of truth in what they say that most people jibbering madly about the movie just do n't want to deal with .	0
I grew up in semi-rural Oregon - no , not WAY out in the middle of nowhere , but far , far from being a `` big city . ''	0
I stand by what I 've said about the story and the movie .	0
No , you do n't need to be bi male shepherds on a mountain in Wyoming to `` legitimately '' comment on it ... for you to UNDERSTAND the story , you need to be able to sympathize or empathize with the characters and their situation .	1
If you ca n't put yourself in a position to either sympathize or empathize with at least one of the things you credit to my `` logic '' , then the storyline will hold nothing for you ... and that would be unfortunate .	0
Putting it another way , my mother never had to understand my `` thing '' for facial hair and particular traits in men in order for her empathize with my need for male companionship ... she knows the need for male companionship satisfied by my dad ... I do n't have to live through a hurricane myself in order to do SOMETHING to help people affected by one ... I 've had my own experience in losing people and property by murder , death , robbery , and accident to know that it 's awful to live through and easier to deal with with the compassion of others .	0
As difficult as it may be to crack the shells some of us use to protect ourselves from life 's difficulties and frustrations , you learn nothing about yourself if you choose to learn nothing from the experiences of others , fictional or not.Some people have issues with the story ... others do n't want to deal with the hype about it ... .others see something to it ... and all points of view are fine .	0
I have issues with `` film critics '' who insert their own visions of what they believe is `` proper sociology '' -- whether it 's a homophobic straight man sniffing at the concept of two men , or homo-superior asswipes who believe that how THEY met and how THEY live THEIR lives should be the universally-accepted way of depicting man-to-man relationships without accepting differences or nuances .	0
I think most movie critics are full of pompous self-ed hot air to begin with , and these guys worry too much about the genre and storyline than they do about the technical expertise of the screenplay or the quality of the cinematography or direction or production , or the artistic value of the sound track or skills of the actors .	0
And that is bullshit posturing not worth the electrons that carry their spew of `` holding court '' .	0
People pushing back is not making you a pariah ... it 's saying that many of us see value that you do n't wish to see , and that many of us see love as a LOT more than just valuing someone else 's well-being more than your own ... or having a rough fuck .	0
It 's OK that you disagree , but your disagreement does n't make conflicting points of view any less valid than your own ... and the impression you give is that you take offense because people disagree with you .	0
Well this time you beat me to the punch .	0
You said exactly what I had in mind .	0
I hope that Furr reads and understands your last point .	0
Note that I 'm talking about the response to my opinion of this particular work in the aggregate , not necessarily or specifically yours.What I take offense at is the suggestion there 's something wrong with me for disliking the story ( and presumably by extension , the movie . )	0
I take offense at the insinuation that I 'm some kind of traitor to the `` Gay Cause '' for thinking the story sucks and that the hype around the movie is simply INTOLERABLE.Whether or not the word `` love '' gets used or not , clearly there 's supposedly ipassion/i in the story ... but what does it do ?	1
It 's like getting a huge verbal buildup for a fireworks display that turns out to be a guy waving a couple of sparklers .	0
Passion imoves/i fucking mountains and surmounts daunting difficulties .	0
This story just kind of staggers around for a while then falls over .	0
And no , the story need n't have a `` happy ending '' in order to be satisfying .	0
How would I change the story ?	0
Hmm ... let me think.Our two shepherds ( a ) never enter into pointless marriages , realizing ( if only internally ) that this ca n't possibly match the level of passion they 've shared .	0
They manage to scrape together the money for their own ranch , and indeed have a period of some happiness together , during which they wind up shooting to death a couple shitheads who come to their spread with the intent of killing our protagonists - in circumstances that make it clear it was self defense .	0
After some time of being excruciatingly careful , one of the two winds up being ambushed , his partner arriving just that much too late , and the one dies in the other 's arms .	0
The survivor puts the property up for sale , and vanishes into the sunset ... .OK , so I 'm throwing in some cliches here as shorthand , but the point is all that passion drives them TO something .	0
You can still have all the societal disapproval ( once it turns out they 're not JUST business partners ... ) and the brutal death , etc .	0
and so on .	0
I do n't recall the characters in the story being portrayed as being particularly dim , so I find it difficult to believe that EVEN in the given setting , it 's impossible for them to conceive of a way to be together that would slip under the radar , or behind the common presumptions of the time , at least for a while .	0
They do n't have to be `` gay '' , they just have to NOT be utterly fucking STUPID.I 'm no stranger to holding a minority opinion in a variety of fields , but it 's been rare that I 've gotten this much personal hostility over openly stating I dislike a particular story , and that I ca n't for the life of me understand why people are cumming all over themselves about it .	0
I think people are responding strongly to the story partly because of something said earlier in this thread	1
`` The story ... is sparse ... that is part of its power , because it requires the reader or viewer to put his/her OWN experiences into play and feel the emotion generated from within yourself .	0
`` I think a lot of us are seeing this movie through the lens of our own experiences , and it 's feeling intensely personal because we line the pain the characters feel up with whatever we 've been through that feels similar and was painful at the time.To me , it 's the film 's biggest strength AND greatest weakness.I got into a bit of an argument with my own partner last night , because he was telling me about how `` this is the story that a lot of gay and bi men still live and struggle with , '' and I was saying , `` Well , yes , I 'm sure it is , but not exactly , and the differences may be important , and maybe we should n't overpersonalize this .	0
`` I mean , I actually did live in Wyoming in the late 1980s , a few years after this film ends .	0
When I had orientation at my Air Force base in Cheyenne , they warned us not to talk about our jobs out with strangers out at the bars , because some of the strangers were KGB agents .	0
They also told us not to get caught at the gay bars in Denver.Which is to say , by the time I lived in Wyoming , twenty years after the characters in the film were that age , we had words like `` gay '' and concepts like `` gay bar , '' even if they were two hours away and sounded scary .	0
I was closeted , felt isolated , and dated a couple of women ... but even in 1985 , I was vaguely aware that there were other options .	0
Now in 2005 , the options are even greater , even if the isolation and depression and feelings of entrapment still hit a lot of us.Whereas Alan was reminded of how he felt isolated and did n't even realize that when he was in college in Indiana in the early 1970s , there were gay bars all over Indianapolis where he could have gone.If we take this story personally as a comment on how much the world has n't changed for gay and bi men , or as a look at a common history many of us share , I think it works a lot better .	0
I can see that way of responding to it ; I was more aware of the differences , and a little more aware that , as painful as some of my own life was in the past , I live a much better life now .	0
And like I 'm ready to see films where the men lead lives a little more like the ones some of us really do get to live these days.I agree that it 's not all that likely that Hollywood will want to make such films any time soon , but the fact that I have big dreams is NOT a flaw in me , or in anyone else .	1
It just means we have dreams and needs that ca n't always get met right now .	0
Much of the progress in our world as gay and bi men has happened because men dared to keep at those kinds of dreams.I also have to say , I 'm always SO uncomfortable when gay men call each other `` jaded queens '' over their disagreements .	0
I guess I felt pretty jaded about this film before I saw it , less so now that I 've seen it ... but I was n't jaded because I 'm just some cynical , bitter queen : I 'm jaded partly because I see the potential for something even MORE wonderful than this film .	0
And I hear that same longing in the word of a lot of the other queens out there who are taken as `` bitter .	0
`` Maybe we would get further if we all honored each other 's hopes , dreams , and hurts , even if they lead us to different conclusions about a half-full/half-empty work of art like this one .	0
I just started playing this old NES RPG called a And man , those old school RPGs are really hard to play .	1
I do n't mean that it 's especially challenging to accomplish the goals set out for the player .	0
I mean it 's actually difficult to navigate the clunky , antiquated interface that was the standard when RPGs were a new thing .	0
Game 's still fun , though .	0
Oh man , I got halfway through that game without realizing there was equipment that I pretty much needed to buy in Magicant and the battles got impossibly hard .	0
There was no way I could just go back to Magicant , either .	0
It sucked .	1
I could n't play anymore .	0
I 'm kind of cheating .	1
I 'm playing the `` easy '' mod , where every battle gives you double EXP and money .	0
The most frustrating thing about that game , to me , is that the random encounters are literally random .	1
In more modern RPGs the `` random '' encounters are calculated in a such a way that they 're spaced out a bit , though not by a specific amount .	0
It keeps the appearance of enemies steady , but unpredictable and less tedious .	0
In Mother , I 've had periods where I get an enemy every single step , and others where I do n't see any enemies for two minutes .	0
Yeah , it 's a little messed up .	0
A private commission of Bellatrix Lestrange from iHarry Potter/i .	0
The client was very specific about the type of pose/environment for this piece , as the full moon and the tumultuous sea lends to her insanity.p align= '' '' http : /licemeichi.comortfolio/021-lunasea-big.jpg '' bLuna-Sea/bsmallAcrylic and Photoshop | a Print/smallp align= '' left '' I just noticed I made her hair look suspiciously like Rogue 's from iX-Men/i .	0
Hmmm .	0
My childhood obsessions are coming back to haunt me.More new work coming soon !	0
Ah , rogue .	0
I did n't get much into the comic book characters compared to other people , but i always enjoyed her character quite a bit.I hate how she was portrayed in the xmen movies : like a whiny little girl .	0
Oh , there is so much more to comics than X-Men .	0
: ) I think you would enjoy reading DC 's Vertigo line a lot.I agree , I think the movie was what ultimately turned me off to picking X-Men back up.. At that point , I had n't read it in years and years , preferring darker and more mature comics .	0
That is awesome !	0
I especially like the environment in this one !	0
Thanks , Andy !	0
The whole thing is gorgeous , but I especially love the details on her dress and the crashing waves .	0
Beautifully done !	0
No , I have n't died .	0
But life HAS eaten me .	0
Uh ... updates:1 .	0
Still work for the company .	0
We were bought by another bigger one , now I work for Dilletante Chocolates , among other big companies ... and I 'm moving up and up ... it 's fun : ) 2 .	0
I 'm hotter now ... lost weight , etc .	0
LOL , no , I 'm just happy.img Um , I still love techno .	0
And HP ! 4 .	0
span class='ljuser ljuser-name_wanderlusty ' lj : user='wanderlusty ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= '' ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' moved in with me because I split with David ( again ) and our apartment is awesome and lovely.5 .	0
I got a cat !	0
Her name is Madison and as soon as I take pics I 'll post them : P6 .	0
I 'm dating someone wonderful .	0
Life is good .	1
Oh , and I love you all .	0
I miss LJ.andlt ; 3 !	0
whoooooooo-hoooooo : ) good to hear from you !	0
And good to know things are awesome : ) Ca n't wait to hear more : ) *kisses*	0
Hey you !	0
Miss you !	0
Your text on v-day made me smile , thanks : D	0
Great to know that you 're still alive and kicking !	0
Hope to hear more from you soon ^_^	0
: )	0
I fucking love IHOP .	1
I will never understand why there are people in the world who do n't - it 's the INTERNATIONAL HOUSE OF FUCKING PANCAKES , everyone .	0
Does that not mean ianything/i to you ? I had every intention of going to the Harvard Square IHOP on Saturday afternoon before flying back home , but I realized that I had a ton of food in my fridge that needed to be cooked and eaten ( including a pound of salmon that had gone bad anyway - FAIL ) .	0
So I made myself a spinach salad with sliced pears , crumbled bacon , shredded Jarlsberg cheese , and raspberry vinaigrette .	0
Sometimes the I am putting all the food I own into this one meal before it goes bad while I am at home for a week meal ends up being pretty damn good , but it was not the International Passport with Swedish pancakes and lingonberries.I just got a call from my mother two minutes ago : I 'm on my way home from work and I 'm about to pass by IHOP .	0
What do you want ? I want twelve pancakes and a pound of bacon .	0
Also , for everyone to know my mommy is amazing .	0
I finally decided on Nutella crepes and a Ham and Swiss melt with a side of onion rings .	0
SO GOODbut there 's no IHOP around here : (	0
Ihop is amazing !	0
Mmm chorizo and eggs .	0
andlt ; 3	0
I tore up an IHOP in Tallahassee yesterday .	0
Big Steak Omelette FTW .	0
OMG- I did n't know they had Lingonberries !	0
I had lingonberry juice at Ikea and had a mouthgasm , but I did n't know they had them anywhere else ! Now you 've got me jonesing for some IHOP .	1
I am OBSESSED with the IHOP strawberry banana pancakes andlt ; 3	0
andlt ; 3 pancakes , ihop , and such , although bob evans has better pancakes	0
- went out in the crazy sleet yesterday and came back with new boots , allergy pills , and hair bleach.- slept way too much and had a really unpleasant dream right at the end.- my downstairs neighbours went too far .	0
i should have called the cops .	1
- we 're saving up to move.- still waiting for that jumbo braid hair to come in.- hopefully going to be watching little shop of horrors with eric tonight .	0
he 's never seen it .	0
- i 'm ditching this update to go hang out on the couch because i 'm way too groggy .	1
sorry we did n't visit the other day ; we were so swamped trying to get deco done ... and then we saw Eric a day or so ago and OMG BEARD ? !	0
he 's got that Marx/early 1900s radical look down pat !	0
heh ; )	0
no worries ! and about eric 's beard ... i know , eh ?	0
i keep telling him it 's like kissing a walrus .	0
he loves that stupid thing..	0
lol well i 'm sure it does n't help that he pulls off that hybrid Marx-Castro look so perfectly : D	0
Oh man Little Shop Of Horros is weird and awesome ...	0
a cutid1Before a http : /hotobucket.com/ _blankimg border=0 alt=Photobucket - Video and Image Hosting Aftera http : /hotobucket.com/ _blankimg border=0 alt=Photobucket - Video and Image HostingYou ca n't really tell in this light , but my hair aborted the attempt at blonde and went for more of a rust flavor .	0
Ignore the messy house in the background ! a name='cutid1-end '	0
It looks great .	0
Thank you .	0
Snip !	0
Hey !	0
Looks cute .	0
You must have excellent hair karma .	1
The truth hurts alotbut a lie hurts moreit was that one thoughtthat sent this out the doorthe old me is lostbut not yet deadit wasnt worth the costwalking away from the redand now i think ill returnback to who i wasive learned all i needed to learni dont like what the change doesso now may this new me dieand so all of you knowits time to say good byethe the cursed emo joe .	0
*Waves energetically* Bye , Emo Hobo Joe !	0
I 'm so happy you 've decided as such .	0
I never thought you had the emo attitude , and when you do n't have the attitude , the clothes send totally the wrong message.Question : you 're in concert choir .	0
So is Becket .	0
Can Becket sing ?	0
I mean , when we were doing the play , he danced me around stage because I was the nearest person there , and he sang Roxane with gusto .	0
But I 've never heard him actually give an attempt to sing good , as it were.Cheers ! Clocky.PS : Did you hear ?	0
Hassium 's written the first chapter of her book !	0
I 'm so proud of her , that she 's started to actually write it !	0
Lol yes well everyones beloved joe is makeing his return .	0
i saw what i did and realized that , Seperation made the distance , Alteration made it worse .	0
so now i have a suprise for Hassium on monday .	0
no one will know what it is i dont even know what it is but there is one .	0
and yeah becket can kind of sing .	1
hes not the best but he 's good .	0
im happy for her too oh and you havent commented on a few of my journals from your long abesnse i do enjoy your rantingly long comments .	0
everyones happy for me .	0
So now I am happy .	0
but once I get back to writing the book I wont be happy .	1
I will be staring at it like andgt ; : / And I will be thinking ? .	0
But I willlll finish	0
GAHHHHH .	0
-has been working on book ALLL FREAKING DAY- AHHHHHHHHHH -goes crazy- THE BOOK HATES ME .	0
-goes back to writing it.-	0
MUHAHAHAHA .	0
DIE FREAK EMO SCARING ELLIE PERSON !	0
I win	0
Y'know what offends me more than overtly sexist jerks ?	1
More than the Feminist Orthodoxy Police ?	0
Possibly even more than bad scholarship , logical fallacies , and poor reasoning , though there was enough of those involved as well that it 's hard to be certain.It 's men who use feminism as a camouflage , or even a justification , for their own sexist entitlement .	0
When I deal with them , I sound for all the world like a stereotypical grim-and-strident radical feminist - out come phrases like `` sexist entitlement '' and `` male privilege '' .	0
Nope , I 'm definitely inot/i a Fun Feminist when it comes to that .	0
I 've just been tussling with that particularly poisonous variety of `` feminist ally '' , a Knight in Shining Armor .	0
I 'd like to say I took him apart , but , while I believe I acquitted myself very well , I fear he missed the point altogether , and flounced with his complacence and his virtuously noble self-image unscathed.A Knight in Shining Armor is the sort of male self-described feminist ( or he may describe himself as a feminist ally , or some other term chosen to show that of course he 'd never usurp our movement - this one favors `` radical pro-feminist '' ) who is involved with feminism because he 's Good and Noble , and will slay all the evil misogynistic patriarchal villains and make the world safe for womankind .	0
( Pause in composition ; I just had a brilliantly apropos icon idea and imust/i do it right this instant ... and , done , loaded , applied to entry .	0
) I think my spiffy new icon tells you quite a lot about what I , as a feminist , think of men ( however they identify ) who want to slay villains ifor/i me .	0
As I 've already mentioned , I 'm down with ( authentic ) male feminists ; they are my brothers-in-arms , and I 'm very glad to have them fighting beside me , watching my back , and all those other good warrior metaphors .	0
( And when we get back to the barracks ... um , never mind . )	0
But fight the fight ifor/i me ?	0
Not friggin ' likely .	0
So - you can see Sir Lancelot a action at Derek 's a Feminism - inot/i Derek ; you should have no trouble identifying the guy in the tin suit in the comments , even before I take him to task .	0
Since ol ' Lance has already transformed himself into Brave Sir Robin and flounced ( 'bout a six , I figure ; the execution was technically quite good , if unoriginal , until he spoiled it by coming back for one parting shot ) , there 's little point in piling on him there ; I doubt it 'll penetrate his +4 Armor of Complacence ( what , surely you do n't think he iwon't/i sneak back to see how we took it ?	0
) , and it 'll just distract further from what could be a very productive discussion ( which you could join if you 're so inclined ) .	0
Anyway , it would n't be courteous to Derek .	0
And , since I 'm going to mention over there that I 've snarked about it here , with link , chances are we 'll have a meal of Silly Knigget deliver itself right to my doorstep - dinner 's on me !	0
( Comment policy for that is , mock at will , but avoid flaming .	0
) Sir Knigget is not without utility ; he not only contributed greatly to clarifying my thinking regarding that discussion , he also shed some light on the complex tangle of my feminism .	1
i '' I 'm much clearer on what 's problematic about # 5 : it subtly assumes that a woman , at any rate a pregnant woman , bneeds/b a man , and glosses over the injustices that bcreate/b that need .	0
Obliging men to ante up bdoes nothing whatsoever/b to address those injustices ; it seeks only to alleviate them .	0
`` /i - SunflowerIf I 'm reading my feminist history aright , that 's right on the historic fracture point between liberal feminism and radical feminism ; liberal feminism preferred to address injustices by adjusting the existing paradigms , while radical feminism believed it was necessary to examine , and work to change , the paradigm itself .	1
( I invite corrections , clarifications , etc , from my more learned readers . )	0
Old-school radical feminism , or so I understand , largely examined paradigms through collectivist-socialist , or even outright Marxist , lenses , while I 'm cut [ changes metaphors in midstream ] from rather different cloth ( though the fabric still has a left bias - `` individualist-socialist '' might describe it ) .	0
Nevertheless , if I 've parsed this right , I 'm more radical than not .	0
( Certainly I have a good many ideas that some feminists , many of whom identify as radfem , consider `` radical '' in the pejorative sense , but that 's another can of worms .	0
) I 'm discovering something very interesting about feminist discourse : if something causes wisps of steam to begin issuing from my ears , I will almost certainly learn something significant from it .	1
I suspect this has to do with a keyboard-interface-related mental trigger - certainly my phrasings , and I 'm pretty sure my debative skills and tactics , become sharper and more precise , when I 'm resisting the temptation to descend into ad hominem arson ( `` I may be a skunk , but you 're a piece of junk .	0
And furthermore , I do n't like your trousers .	0
Or your appalling taste in women .	0
And what about your mind ?	0
Your insipid record collection ; your down-home video centre - the usual pornography ... '' - Pretenders , iPretenders II/i , `` Pack It Up '' ) .	0
Not that I do n't also learn lots in more pleasurable circumstances , but there 's something about cutting the heart out of some asshat 's argument with surgical precision and offering it to the Morrigan , all without overstepping the bounds of legitimate debate , that causes me to learn things about myself ( other than that I have a tongue like a scalpel , a taste for blood , and the quintessential feminist trait of Wo n't Shut Up ; that 's not news ) .	0
And there 's nothing like some good snark to relieve any leftover pressure .	0
I feel much better now .	0
Comes right down to it , I have to agree with you - the opt-out can only work if it does n't leave the mothers high and dry .	0
But I 'm also concerned with the other ways - not necessarily directly related to cash flow - that single moms often get hung out to dry .	0
And that leads into other injustices , that affect more than just single moms .	0
Complex stuff.You could be right about context failure ; he did seem to have a lot of `` regurgitate the party line '' going on.Actually , I was thinking of your ability to call ime/i on things , if I need it .	0
But , yeah , I do n't call everybody on everything - life 's too short .	0
Which is why I stuck mostly to calling buddy on the underlying sexism in how he was participating - refutation of his arguments just did n't seem to have enough of a constructive return , either for the debate as it was shaping before he came along , or for me .	0
I 'm actually not sure about this issue .	0
I know two men whose girlfriends assured them that they were on birth control and would get an abortion if it failed , then promptly presented the guys with a blue stick and a sudden conversion to pro-life .	0
Now the guys have to choose between unplanned marriage or a serious financial burden.Both of the girls were teenagers and their intentions , as far as I could tell , were to secure marriage and thus Twu Wuv.I do n't know an entirely good solution though .	0
Obviously you ca n't allow men to dictate whether or not women abort or give up the pregnancy .	0
( On the flip side , I also know some men who 've been devastated by their girlfriends having abortions -- and going `` tough noogies sperm donor , you do n't own her '' is just not the answer I can give a close friend who 's grieving because he thought he would be a father . )	0
And allowing men to skip out entirely on responsibility for their offspring leaves single moms in the lurch .	0
But the idea of someone being forced to be a father does n't make me happy either.Dammit .	0
Men and women can iboth/i be horrifyingly dishonest in this arena .	0
The only good solution is for both partners to participate in birth control , but when that does n't happen ...	0
I just do n't know.No , a pregnant woman does n't need a man , but she kinda does need ( or at least massively benefit from ) the time and money contributions of a second person.Argh .	0
The fundamental problem is that babies only grow in women .	0
I just ca n't think of a pat and equitable solution under that constraint.Sorry this comment does n't make sense ; I am inot/i at all sure what type of feminist I am or what my opinions are on all issues .	0
It 's a bit stream-of-consciousness ( as the title warns ) , but there 's a good deal of sense in it .	0
Feminism is n't about knowing the answers , it 's about trying to find them.And you 're right about that fundamental problem .	1
There are feminist theorists who have posited that full equality will only be possible when all babies are grown iin vitro/i - a stance that at least proposes a solution , rather than shaking its fist at the slings and arrows of outrageous biology , but ... well , rather than writing yet another essay in a comment , I 'll just say I find it extreme .	0
Sunflower , you were in Canada when you had your babies , yes ?	0
Because as jfpbookworm points out , the supports are awfully thin here in the U.S . The only reason men get stuck with child support is that society as a whole is n't willing to support children of single parents .	1
At least in Canada , you 're covered for health care .	0
( Here , too , in theory , but there are holes in the CHIPS program .	0
) In Germany , single motherhood is less common than in the U.S. - people are less delusional about sex and birth control .	0
But up until recently , anyway , going on welfare as a single mother was not terribly stigmatized .	0
The German social safety net has been progressively undermined over the past few years , so I have to think that this option is getting harder - they have a lot more emphasis on working to earn one 's benefits , which is obviously a problem if you have little ones .	0
( Germany 's public daycare system is also being slowly de-funded .	0
) I 'm not sure I 'd sign on to the Marxist part of your definition of radical feminist .	1
That only describes a fraction of the overall group .	0
But what I really appreciate is that you put a definition out there that lets us know what you mean .	0
Yup , I 've been talking about the `` different jurisdictions , different conditions '' thing all along ( and was pleased to read your German example - I know very little about how it works in countries other than Canada and the US ) .	1
I do n't consider `` Marxist '' to be part of the definition , nor even `` collectivist-socialist '' - that bit was more a reflection on how , and in what part of the zeitgeist of the times , radical feminism did much of its developing .	0
The core of where I was going definitionally was the difference in approach - from my reading thus far , the question , `` by what means can we best achieve our goals ? ''	0
seems to be the main way in which `` schools '' of feminism split off from each other ( first-wave example : the suffragists and those who focused on equality in educational opportunities [ educationalists ? ?	0
] ) .	0
`` ( other than that I have a tongue like a scalpel , a taste for blood , and the quintessential feminist trait of Wo n't Shut Up ; that 's not news ) .	0
`` definately not news ... and am I ever so grateful that I 've not been on the receiving end of such surgery : andgt ; otherwise known as Nemmie the shy : P	0
See , now , that 's why `` scalpel '' and not , say , `` claymore '' .	0
I like to be precise in my targets .	1
I 'm better online ( where , if necessary , I can put the keyboard down and back away slowly ) than in person ; sometimes someone 'll get nipped for no greater crime than atrocious timing ( I seem to recall you 've been on the receiving end of that , but I do n't recall circumstances ) .But the idea is that surgery is for a ) otherwise intelligent and reasonable people who need to have some bit of WTF ? ! ?	0
called un-ignorably to their attention , and b ) out-and-out asshats .	0
You 're certainly not the latter ; and I do n't recall seeing you go all the way into WTF ? ! ?	0
territory .	0
neither do I for that matter ... but then my memory is a sieve lately.. : andgt ; I 'm pretty sure I 've been there.. : andgt ; at least my memory says I have , just not on the receiving end of your brand of surgery for it .	0
say ... . here 's an idea.. we should do coffee.. play catch up.. ( we 'll agree on a maximum of 3 topics for time allowances sake this time.. : P ) I 'll e-mail details if you prefer.. : andgt ;	0
I believe he is what is called a `` concern troll '' .	0
Very possibly , though I 'd guess he 's the unwitting sort of troll .	0
( I do n't altogether buy the `` true trolls know they 're trolls '' axiom . )	0
That kind of situation is what the phrase `` stop being on my side , you 're making my side look stupid '' was invented for .	0
And he is on my side , kind of ; my take on `` choice for men '' is that - at least here in the States - a lot of other social and legal changes need to be made first .	0
( I *think* we may be on the same page here , if I 'm reading your point about addressing `` injustices that create that need '' right . )	0
Taking up the flaming sword can be tempting .	0
But if we do , there 's an obligation to be careful where we point the thing .	1
It 's generally a bad idea to make one 's `` feminist '' argument at the expense of actual women 's experiences .	0
iif something causes wisps of steam to begin issuing from my ears , I will almost certainly learn something significant from it./iThere are folks whose writing I read primarily for that purpose - though a fair chunk of the time , it 's my own argument that gets vivisected .	0
( This is a good thing - if I 've pissed someone off , I *want* to be called on it . )	0
I 'm pretty sure we 're at least close to the same page - it 's partly because Canada has some of those social and legal conditions that I was able to let my daughter 's father opt out .	1
( My son 's father did n't even get an opt-in ; he was ... not very stable - but again , Canadian conditions meant I only had to consider that problem in terms of the personal , weighing fairness to him against what it could mean for my baby if he took it into his head to try for custody .	0
Kid won , of course . )	0
Mind you , Canada is n't perfect , by any means ; another part of why it was possible for me is because my family was supportive - I 'd have been in a much more precarious position if they were n't .	0
I 'm not so sure the KiSA iis/i on your side ; he did n't seem to have the slightest interest in the injustices I was trying to talk about - at best , he 's convinced they 're immutable ; at worst , he 's got a hidden agenda .	1
I suspect the latter , because of him bringing up `` pregnancy is so dangerous '' ias an argument supporting mandatory support/i - the only connection I can see between them is that the financial support would mean better health care ( assuming the father , or his parents , have or are able to earn enough to make a difference ) and an improved , but not risk-free , outcome ; otherwise , obligating the father 's involvement has ino effect/i on those dangers ( or may have a negative effect ) .	0
What I suspect here is that he has a vested interest in not changing the institutional injustices , because in a just world , women would n't need men .	0
( IOW , I think he might be a Nice Guy ( tm ) .	0
) Making feminist arguments at the expense of actual women 's experiences is , IMO , one of the most significant fracture points within feminism , The reverse is also true : the political is personal .	0
It 's not just an academic exercise in utopian philosophy ; real people , with diverse individual needs , will be living the changes we make.Oddly , I was n't talking so much about things that challenge my assumptions ( that works too , but it usually does n't make me nearly so angry ) - that would n't surprise me as much .	0
What I did n't expect is how educational it can be to confront an absence of intellectual rigor.I 'm glad you prefer to be called on things ; I have an unpopular habit of calling people on things .	0
And a confusing habit of wanting to be called on things ( doubly confusing , because that does n't mean I take it meekly ; I iengage/i it - or sometimes call people on presenting it manipulatively ) , so I hope you also have that unpopular habit .	0
What `` choice for men '' comes down to for me is who bears the cost instead .	1
I 'm a lot more comfortable with the idea of a father being able to legally opt out if there 's a sufficient support system in place so that the child 's mother can raise the child without assistance from the father - even if she chooses not to .	0
But right now we do n't have that .	0
Instead , we have conservative think tanks a that what little aid we do give costs too much .	0
I think the bringing up of `` pregnancy is so dangerous '' may simply have been a context failure .	1
I typically see that argument used in the context of pro-choice or childfree advocacy , and he may have just internalized that as `` the feminist position . ''	0
But it 's not particularly relevant here unless one takes the attitude that child support is supposed to be either compensation for , or an equivalent `` punishment '' to , pregnancy , and I do n't see how one can reconcile that attitude with feminism .	0
And as for calling folks on things , it depends on the situation .	0
Sometimes the arguments are so devoid of intelligence , or I 've heard them so many times before , that there 's no reward in refuting them , but if the other side is willing to engage , then having to explain myself and not getting any free passes means that the argument gets a good workout .	0
Is n't it funny how random little things can make you so cheerful ?	1
I picked up a nice drink shaker and martini glasses today for super cheap unexpectedly , and it 's just made the entire day even better than it already was .	0
So who wants to come over for cocktails ?	0
I 'd come , but the whole 'other continent ' thing gets in the way .	0
( although it does lead to humourous hittings of the  keys instead of what I was going for , along with adds like the one in my icon ) Hope all is well with you ^_^	0
Things are well , thank you .	0
I hope they 're good for you too .	0
And yes , other continent = problems .	0
How are things with you ?	0
I do !	0
Um , I 'm always glad to have people over , but 1 ) you appear to live in Michigan and 2 ) I do n't know who you are .	0
Apart from that , how do you like Tahitian vanilla martinis ?	0
I do !	0
But , that whole opposite coast thing ... yeah .	0
Yeah , that IS problematic .	0
So is the fact that most of the people on my LJ are on that same coast with you .	0
Soon 's I get back from gay paree ...	0
When DO you get back ?	0
I 'd love to come over -- shall I bring the hors d'uvres ?	0
Wait .	0
Nevermind .	0
Somehow , I think that bringing cocktail sausages to a party of sods would lead to much deserved heckling .	0
I 'll be DJ'ing at +one tonight come and enjoy a night out with some excellent music !	0
and a lovely venue.for directions and information check out their myspace page a : //www.myspace.comlusoneclubWho 's coming down ?	0
I 'm at a loose end tonight as the boy is going to a stag party , so I might well do !	1
: ) How much is it to get in ?	0
Hey i 'm not sure i 'll find out for you now .	0
Ok it 's 3 pound before 11 and 5 after : ) So it 's not a bad club price : )	1
Excellent !	0
I 'm going to someone 's birthday drinks beforehand , so depending how that goes I may see you later : )	0
Ok have a good evening : ) may be see you later : )	0
I am so tired of hearing about this Cash for Clunkers bullshit Do n't people have any sense at all ?	1
The people who can afford to buy a new car even with the government rebate ... The cars they are turning in are not bad cars when it comes to gas milage .	0
They are the nicer used cars .	0
You do n't want to take the nicer used cars off the road ;	0
What are the lower income people going to drive ?	0
These are the cars they would have bought used .	0
Now they are going to be forced into driving even older cars .	0
You take all the nicer used cars off the road and destroy them ... You are not improving the enviorment .	0
You are just creating hardship for the lower income people .	1
And you are keeping the really really old cars on the road	0
Plus you are creating economic hardship for the lower income folks .	0
Seconds this .	0
, If I had to make a guess , most of the people turning in Clunkers are bringing in 10 year old cars .	0
Which adds up to many less 90s-2000 cars for those of us driving only used .	0
Poor Dave Ramsey -- I bet he 's having fits over this !	0
Every Republican who is opposed to health care traded in his car and has his hand out .	0
Yep ...	0
I imagine so ...	0
Request : please provide test stress reduction or confidence techniques.I take the MCAT in a few weeks .	0
good luck	0
playtime \ : D/	0
DAMMIT , you got to it before I did .	0
HHAHahahahaha	0
Booze .	0
methinks that 'll work best for when I 'm done .	0
when i stare at my score with either admiration or despair .	0
Good luck !	0
sleep ?	1
my mom always used to tell my sister that you can bullshit better on a full night 's restgood luck !	0
My friends have made this strange month bearable .	0
Hopefully you all had a good new year 's eve -- I was surrounded by friends and wine.img http : /hotos-664.ak.facebook.com/ip002/v57/75/99/78000855/n78000855_30199664_7343.jpg /My date for the party on Saturday -- I love Matt so much.a cutid1img http : /hotos-672.ak.facebook.com/ip002/v57/75/99/78000855/n78000855_30199672_6464.jpg /Caitlin .	0
The only other estrogen I had the entire night last night .	0
andlt ; 3img http : /hotos-670.ak.facebook.com/ip002/v57/75/99/78000855/n78000855_30199670_9134.jpg /My new year 's date -- first guy on the left .	0
andlt ; 3	0
Either you 're tall or he 's short .	0
well , I was wearing heels .	0
Psh .	0
That was n't an available choice .	0
You get a big font color= # F00bF/b/font !	1
I guess not everyone can be smart iand/i pretty .	0
Hey -- not cool !	0
I 'd Like to Thank everyone who turned up for last nights Jrock night .	0
I 'm truly impressed by the number of people who are now turning up to the nights , and i 'm glad to see new faces every month .	0
and I 'm Glad that so many of you return from month to month and have such a good time.I 'm happy to support both you and and the music as best as I can .	0
Remember it 's almost 3 years since I started the night .	0
And the 3rd birthday is going to be a big one .	1
I 'm sorting out more details this week and next week keep and eye on the website for some big changes.Many thanks again.Steve	0
I 'm going to try to be there for the birthday : D	0
It 's going to be at Sin at Tottenham court Road !	0
so an actual club venue on a Friday night ! Expect something big !	0
Wow , sweet !	0
Will it be an all-nighter ?	0
Thats right by my bus stop , haha .	0
Yesterday , I felt like Yoko Ono .	1
I was lying in a bed with several people around me sending updates via e-mail to other people .	0
I had to look out the window to make sure I was n't in Amsterdam .	0
So , yesterday , I was given a shock to the heart .	0
I 'm in a fairly normal rhythm and on lots of drugs , so hopefully , I will be able to go back home today .	1
I 'm sick of having an IV in my hand .	0
I guess my version of March has gone out like a lion .	0
I was thinking of coming in this morning with a tambourine and some daffodils.Then I wondered how far we 'd get through `` Give Peace a Chance '' before we realised we did n't know all the words ... .	0
Ev'rybody 's talking aboutBagism , Shagism , Dragism , Madism , Ragism , TagismThis-ism , that-ism Is n't it the mostAll we are saying is give peace a chance All we are saying is give peace a chance Ev'rybody 's talking about Ministers , Sinisters , Banisters and canisters , Bishops and Fishops and Rabbis and Pop eyes , And bye bye , bye byes .	0
All we are saying is give peace a chanceAll we are saying is give peace a chanceLet me tell you nowEv'rybody 's talking aboutRevolution , Evolution , Mastication , Flagelolation , Regulations.Integrations , Meditations , United Nations , CongratulationsAll we are saying is give peace a chanceAll we are saying is give peace a chanceOh Let 's stick to itEv'rybody 's talking aboutJohn and Yoko , Timmy Leary , Rosemary , Tommy smothers , Bob Dylan , Tommy Cooper , Derek Tayor , Norman Mailer , Alan Ginsberg , Hare Krishna , Hare Krishna	0
Alright , so now we have a copy.Do I have time to pick up some bongos ?	0
There 's a set on my mantel .	0
Fantastic .	0
Let me Break In for Bongos .	0
I got pictures , just like I said I would !	0
Good ones , too .	0
Here they are , beneath the cut : a cutid1a _blankimg border=0 alt=PhotobucketCLIFFS.a _blankimg border=0 alt=PhotobucketLANDSCAPES.a _blankimg border=0 alt=Me on a beachThere was a beach , and it was rocky , and I stood on it .	0
Good times.a _blankimg border=0 alt=PhotobucketSome more mountains.a name='cutid1-end'Not a lot of the things , but honestly I 'm angry at photbucket so fuck it .	0
Take what you can get .	0
WOOOOWWW !	0
! I am jealous and I hate you !	1
Those are beautiful and impressive ! I imagine living in close walking distance to such beautiful landscapes must do excellent things for one 's well-being .	1
It 's helpful that I live close to Toronto 's beach , and it 's nice walking there when I need THINKING TIME , but ... ... . it kind of lacks the drama of sea cliffs .	0
And there are always people around ( fucking people ) .	0
And condoms floating in the water .	0
God damn it .	0
Yeah , there 's something about sea cliffs that are way better than , you know , any other sort of scenery .	0
You should have done a highlander pose .	0
I did n't have my sword with me , otherwise there would have been some Highlander action .	0
But you do n't have a sword , either .	0
Oh fine , rain all over my parade.Asshole .	0
New zine starts tomorrow.a http : /hoto.nethotodbhoto ? photo_id=5330416img could eat the streets with a spoon , boy howdy .	0
Time to write love letters to concrete !	0
That 's the one , and yes , it 's great reading .	1
Books start off relatively short and 'easy ' reading and get progressively darker and more mature .	0
It also pissed off the church no end due to some of the fantasy concepts.Also , Armoured Bears are l337.But yeah , start off with the Northen Lights and see what you think.Wobbly milk in a bag ?	0
Kanada is Krazy .	1
Aye !	0
A sonnet to pavements !	0
A haiku to cobblestones !	0
a rumba for roadways and a sparkler in every fist !	0
: DThis is totally inspired by my green and pink garishly wonderful flappy-toque -- I wore it outside yesterday night at 3 in the morning with my lumpy pantaloonpants and felt like the funniest little adventurer .	0
and I love this city , it 's time to remember that .	0
A boot in every puddle .	0
Hop splash your way to victory ! I can but wonder what the local cats thought , given this wonderful sounding hat .	0
At least , wiki tells me it 's a hat , but it seems to be a french-canadian word.While I was n't technicolour , I ended up going home at about 3am last night , wondered right past my house and found some very large orange flattopped mushrooms .	0
This made me happy .	0
Nightcrawling in cities is a wonderful thing if it can be done with relative safety .	1
Canada is one of those places I really should go back to some time .	0
how did you know it was raining ? ? ?	0
haha , it really was ! img french canadian , and a cat for good measure .	0
I love accidentally spouting local lingua , it 's almost like we have a cuisine ( which we do n't ) , except with words .	1
yes nightwalking !	0
especially while looking for growing things !	0
I used to make things called night bouquets which are pretty illegal ( or at least rude ) , where I 'd grab a flower from each storefront I passed until I had a bunch , and then I 'd gift it to someone who would look at it like um , okay..	0
I never found mushrooms though , which would be cool .	0
Mushies are beautiful .	0
Obviously i 'm some kind of psychic weatherman.Cute hat with a cute cat .	0
It 's like poetry in picture form , complete with some very nice soft shadows .	0
Good looking gal never hurt either.I feel your pain though , it 's not like the UK has much local cuisine to tout either .	1
Most of it was stolen from India ( our national dish , in fact , is basically a curry ) , and while I love haggis it does n't really have international appeal .	0
Got to love the idea of night bouquets , as cheeky as they are .	0
Mushrooms are the really nice thing about Canturbury though , since this place is like a fusion between town and countryside , and you can find bits of both everywhere .	0
Like , it 's great walking down the hill at 3am after work because all the bunnies will be out , running around skittishly .	1
Some of them are tiiiiny and as cute as buttons .	0
Spout more local lingua !	0
haggis !	0
I saw a vegetarian version the other day , iin a can/i .	0
roflroflrofffffle.I believe the extent of canadian cuisine is tourtiere ( ground meat pie , yummmmmy ... /sarcasm ) , butter tarts ( actually flipping amazing ) , poutine , smoked salmon , ummm ... kraft dinner .	0
tres exotique !	0
I suppose you could put canadian bacon in kraft dinner and then you 'd *really* be rocking.this is what your countryside makes me think of : : : img i r jealous .	0
XDDD	0
veggie haggis in a can ?	0
I can hear half of scotland turning in their graves.Is it true what i 've heard though , that in canada you can buy milk in bags ? As for the countaryside , you ar n't far off on that picture , canturbury is full of hippies and students .	1
I also found out the other day that there 's a ton of homeless people because so much heroine comes into canturbury from France and they 're looking for a fix .	0
Creepy.Have you read the His Dark Materials trilogy yet by the way ?	0
*search search search* ... Phillip Pulman ?	0
No , not yet , but I wo n't see the movie before I read the book - promise !	0
I read a bit on the site and it looks very much up my alley , as far as my taste in fantasy fiction .	0
Actually , it 's been a while since I 've read any fiction , so I may just seek this one out ( unless Gormenghast is particularly good ;	1
I may have a chance to borrow that trilo for a bit ) milk in bags yes , which I imagine would look extremely weird to anyone not familiar with them .	0
they 're wobbly !	0
Very quick post because I only have 2 minutes of Internet time left .	0
Melissa and I will be back in DC from Oct. 26 to Nov. 16 , housesitting for our friend Nora while she takes her honeymoon .	0
So mark your calenders .	0
We want to catch up with everyone and do a lot of gaming and eat a lot of Thai food.Sent from Vicenze in NW Italy , where it 's raining a ton but the gelato is good .	0
So marked .	0
But it seems much to long to wait !	0
Yeah -- kids are asking when they will see Miss Chris	0
Melissa and I are in the Burgundy region of France right now and recently saw a flier about a group of workers building a medieval castle in this area using only period materials and techniques .	0
There 's some information about it a www.guedelon.fr/en/the-guedelon-adventure_01.htmlhere.It might be really cool to visit , but unfortunately , it 's kind of expensive ( $ 15 ) and too far out of our way .	0
Still , it 's an awesome idea.Instead , we had to content ourselves today with visiting the hillside where St. Bernard preached the Second Crusade in 1146 before the assembled nobility of France and 100,000 pilgrims .	0
And we ate some really terrific boeuf Borginoine ( or some such spelling ) .	0
Much as the Anglophiles make fun of it , France is a pretty awesome country .	1
History everywhere , great food , and lots of good-looking women .	0
It does n't get much better than that .	0
You coming back to Scotland ?	0
Alas no , not in 2008 .	0
Maybe next year ( we have enough of Europe left to explore for at least another year here ) .	1
Though when we stood at the end of Horn Head Peninsula in northern County Donegal , Ireland , and looked out to sea , we were supposed to be able to glimpse Scotland in the distance .	0
It looked kind of like a cloud to me .	0
BTW , yes , Vauban was Da Shiznit when it came to fortification .	1
The entire style of building modern fortifications in the 18th century got named after him .	0
He built 37 fortresses in France , fortified or improved the fortifications of 300 cities and towns , as well as directing 53 sieges , almost all of them successful .	0
His primary competitor was a Dutch military engineer named Cooehorn , after whom a type of mortar is named .	0
table cellpadding= '' 0 '' cellspacing= '' 0 '' border= '' 0 ''	0
i have seen that video 20 billion times and it never gets old .	0
it 's so cute i ca n't stop watching it : ]	1
blockquote	0
NO LINKING UR A FAGGOT	0
Sorriez faggerzblockquote	0
thats freakin ' adorable !	1
i love pandas !	0
Relationship meme iand/i hot/not meme ALL IN ONE !	0
The usual - you comment , and I tell you what Jenn thinks of you , and if she thinks/would think you 're hot/not/not applicable !	0
font size=1I think that 's how these work ! /font Um , if I forget anything or get something wrong , feel free to tell me so - I have the memory of that small fish swimmy thing with the shiny scales and the no memory .	0
Goldfish .	0
That 's the one.Note : hot/not does not mean would do/would not do sunless specified otherwise/s .	0
It 's really more of does Jenn see you as hot , adorable , fugly , etc ?	0
bRELATIONSHIP MEME/biSwift : /i Swift is a nice young sman/s Wraeththu who was nice and gentle and listened to Jennifer .	0
Jenn thinks he is an absolute sweetheart and a good soul and quite charming.bHOT/NOT MEME/biSwift : /i Hot ! iObi-wan : /i Has n't met , but would probably think he 's cuteiDumbledore : /i NON-APPLICABLE	0
Hey there , Gramma .	0
bRELATIONSHIP MEME : /biTot : /i Tot-chan~~~ !	0
Jennifer loves being your grandma and thinks Tot is sweet and adorable and wants to get you your own apron so we can cook together~ Jenn does n't really understand emo that lasts longer than two seconds , so she gets confused when Tot goes all D : at her and DOES N'T STOP , so Jennifer just tries to 8D back at her as much as possible until her Tot-chan is cheerful again !	1
andhearts ; iYousuke : /i WINGS andhearts ; That 's really the most that stands out in Jenn 's mind about Yousuke .	0
She thought he was Yuuri 's son from the future for a while , I think , but Yousuke eventually managed to explain god what no .	0
She thinks he 's ivery/i cool , and that he has a very sweet , very cute girlfriend who probably owns his ass.bHOT/NOT MEME : /biTot : /i N/A !	0
But Jennifer thinks Tot is adorable and very pretty.iYousuke : /i Such cool wings~ ! iAtsuko : /i Has n't really met much , but there 's some MILF waves goin ' on there .	0
Daaaamn good-looking woman .	0
Hey Jennifer-san !	0
bRELATIONSHIP MEME : /biJun : /i Jennifer thinks Jun-kun is a sweet , adorable , well-behaved young man who helps in the kitchen and this means that Jennifer loves you and thinks of you as an ideal son .	0
She has no idea why he spazzes when she calls him cute .	0
8DbHOT/NOT MEME : /biJun : /i Adorable ! iOsaka : /i Has n't met , but probably would n't really think one way or the other about her looks .	0
Hi~~~	0
bRELATIONSHIP MEME/biFletcher : /i Fletchan is adorable and small and cute and polite and Jennifer wants to clutch you to her sometimesbecause of the cute .	1
She really , really wants to put you in a dress sometime , too .	0
8D ... as a side note , I keep ending all my relationship comments with 8D , which ca n't be good.bHOT/NOT MEME/biFletcher : /i A~dor~a~ble~ !	0
wtf mama-san	0
I may rewrite this tomorrow when/if I have time because my brain feels like sludge now , but here goes~ ! bRELATIONSHIP MEME/biWolfram : /i Wolf-chan~ !	0
Mama thinks you are just what Yuuri needs.ON A MORE DETAILED LEVEL , Jennifer thinks Wolfram is a very cute boy , a good match for Yuuri , and likes that he would clearly defend his family whatever the cost .	0
She thinks he 's courageous and very honest , which she likes .	0
HOWEVER , she thinks sometimes he 's too negative.She finds his reactions cute and amusing .	0
8DiFraser : /i She only met Fraser recently , and thought he was VERY PRETTY , very smart , but kind of stiff .	0
She playfully flirted with him ( ... I think .	0
I ca n't ACTUALLY FLIRT HI ) because he kind of reminded her of Conrad.bHOT/NOT MEME/biWolfram : /i sBishounen~ ! /s Non-applicable now - family ! iFraser : /i That sizzling sound you hear may just be your fine Canadian arse , dear .	0
andhearts ; iAziraphale : /i Has n't met , but probably notiMac : /i Has n't met , but would probably think she was nerd-cute !	0
... what .	0
bRELATIONSHIP MEME/biGwendal : /i Jenn thinks Guinedal-san is fun !	0
On some level , she does know what his real name is , but she just ... keeps thinking Guinedal-san !	0
So that 's what she called him .	0
8D Also , you have soft hair and she loves playing with it.bHOT/NOT MEME/biGwendal : /i Hot !	0
But also , in-law .	0
However , if she ever learns that you and Wolfwood and LOAVARS , she will constantly picture you two having hot , sweaty , barebacking cowboy sex.iHouse : /i Has n't met , but would probably think he has a certain scraggly bastard charm to him .	0
... are lovers , not and lovers .	0
Can you tell this was written when I should have been asleep ?	0
GO MADAME CURRY GO	0
bRELATIONSHIP MEME/biGai : /i Jenn thinks Mister Sparkle is AWESOME and EXUBERENT and FULL OF LIFE AND ENERGY AND JUSTICE and really wants that dumpling recipe , damnit .	0
Jenn will always be willing to aid you in any fight for justice you need , even though all she can do is like ... fence with a broom handle.iLady : /i Jennifer only met Lady when she was deaged into Mary , and only for a brief while , but she thought Mary was an adorable sweetheart .	0
If she ever meets Lady , she will never connect the two of them ever.bHOT/NOT MEME/biGai : /i ... ... ... ... Jennifer is very certain that someday , you will find your Special Someone , Mister Sparkle .	0
Someday.iLady : /i Has n't met , but hot ! iEtna : /i Has n't met , but cute little girl !	0
'SUP .	0
Finally finished Days .	0
Kind of felt like crying .	0
Anyone out there willing to talk about it with me ?	0
[ Yeah , spoilers in comments . ]	0
*huuuuuugs* : ( Roxas is adorable and made of fail .	0
; _ ; I loved Xion so much more than I thought I would .	0
I knooooow .	0
I was very leery of Xion going in , because dude I 've seen this plot and it sucked when it was fanfic , but actually she is awesome and tragic and WOES .	0
Poor girl did n't deserve to be only kind of real and stuck in permanent power-drain mode and all.Also , I am very glad there was another boss battle with Sax , because I needed to punch him in the face kind of a lot .	0
STOP CALLING HER AN IT RAWR .	0
Congratulations , you have created a living thing with not much in the way of memories !	0
That is not a 'puppet ' ; that is what we technically call a 'child ' .	0
Seriously , just because you were created by amateurs in an unsafe environment in such a way that you took years to develop properly does n't make you ibetter/i .	0
Maybe I 've been reading too many superhero comics , where heroic characters often are aliens/cloneslien clones/research projects/robotsll of the above , but I appear to have a much broader definition of `` person '' than Sax or , for that matter , DiZ , whom I did n't get to beat up , which continues to depress .	0
The qualifying exam looks like this:1 .	0
Is someone answering this question ? If the answer is `` Yes '' , then you are a person .	0
If the answer is `` No '' , enjoy your logic bomb .	0
: ( I believed in her character , where that kind of thing would take really REALLY good fanfic to be convincing , yeah ?	0
Poor kids .	0
: ( All of him.XD After playing KH2 , I was n't sure why Sax was so important that he merited 'boss before the boss ' status .	0
I mean sure , he 's pretty , but-Then I played 358 and I said 'oh'.He earned his status , and I applaud that .	0
:3 It still twits me a little that I did n't understand his position and therefore did n't give him enough credit in fic , but oh well ... .	0
I have this mental image of Sax pulling a Menelaus in Axel 's direction .	0
`` IS THIS WHAT YOU LEFT ME FORRRRRRRRRRRRR ? `` Yeah .	0
: ( He and DiZ dehumanize what they plan to take advantage of .	0
On DiZ ' part- I think to keep Riku from letting his concience get the better of him , but Saix does n't really have a reason .	0
:3 He 'ca n't feel ' .	0
He should n't need to distance himself .	0
: DThat logic takes my brain to interesting places~ .	0
*wibble* Yes .	0
Saix , you ass- you 're a biproduct of humanity , just like a replica .	0
I feel the need to give Xion AUs full of hugs and kittens.Sax deserves to be the penultimate boss both because you will hate him SO .	1
MUCH .	0
and also because he 's ... actually behind a lot more than it seems .	0
I kind of wonder how much iXemnas/i knew about Castle Oblivion , now .	0
Before this game , I was kind of thinking that Xemnas 's actions were suspicious , but seeing Sax going around clearly being in charge -- and very invested in making sure no one challenges his control -- well , I wonder how carefully edited the reports that made it to Xemnas 's ears were.L-lol .	0
*smacks blonde wig on Axel*I think as far as DiZ is concerned , he is very smart but also in certain areas very dumb -- witness the fact that he did n't notice his apprentices were going to turn on him , when some of them ( cough Vexen cough ) are n't exactly subtle by nature .	1
So he gets all bitter and treats all Nobodies like they 're tarred with the same brush , totally ignoring the fact that Roxas , Xion , and Namin especially are victims more than anything .	0
It 's annoying and dumb , but also very human.Sax , on the other hand , is kind of a sociopath anyway .	0
Part of me sneakily suspects that he 'd refer to most people as 'it ' if he thought he could get away with it .	0
He treats everyone like puppets anyhow ... ( Jesus , no wonder he wanted Zexion gone gone gone .	0
Kilkenny cats have nothing on professional string-pullers when it comes to thinking two is too many .	0
) On a lighter note , Demyx was kind of adorable in his laziness .	0
I found my characterization of him confirmed -- so he 's not keen on fighting , but he has other skills .	0
Not least of which is the 'get Roxas to do my work ' skill .	0
Hi guys I am in Paris it is a city that 's about it except with different varieties of streetside food-stands so not that different from NYC really .	0
I do not believe in punctuation today it is too much effort and I am being stylistic it is fun .	0
Struggling with getting my computer to find the wireless at my host family .	0
Will post more when I have succeeded .	0
Also have no phone .	0
Working on that .	0
Do the French not believe in clocks ? !	0
This is absolutely the most annoying thing about France to date , possibly including the fact that the building where the program has orientation and classes and such has no indoor heating .	0
Oh whoops some punctuation snuck in there .	0
I have an hour commute which is all kinds of fun but the Metro is much like all subways and not too hard to get the hang of .	0
The computer I 'm using now has a French keyboard but it 's set up to actually send signals like an American one so I guess it 's a good thing I touch-type or I 'd be very confused.Love to all .	0
I am so jealous .	0
I would love to go to Paris/France someday.I hope you have a good time !	0
If being a French major is good for nothing else ( which it is n't ) , it is at least good for getting you to France on the cheap , because they reallyreallyireally/i want you to go , even if you do n't have what we technically call 'money ' .	1
Thanks !	0
It 's pretty okay so far !	0
How are periods , question marks , and bangs not punctuation ?	0
^_~Have a fab time !	0
Your Boo figured out why this post is so funny -- because you sound just like ELOISE ! -- not ! Nanny	0
A stylistic decision makes a very good hat.I need an Eloise icon .	0
Just on principle .	0
iA stylistic decision makes a very good hat./iIndeed , it *defines* a very good hat.iI need an Eloise icon .	0
Just on principle./iI 'll see if I can find images from Eloise in Paris .	0
For the past two weeks , I have hung out at a coffee shop after an appointment , to have a snack and do some knitting .	0
Both times , I have had men chat me up .	0
Both times I thought to myself , Why are these old guys flirting with me ?	0
Then I realized that , in all likelihood , they are no more than 5 years older than me.I went home and shot space aliens on the Xbox like a proper 14-year-old boy and felt better .	0
The knitting must be some kind of magnet ...	0
Yeah , because it 's interruptable , I think .	1
I can talk and still do it , thus the chatting up .	0
And to be fair , if I answered in monosyllables , they 'd retreat .	0
The thing is , the conversations are interesting , it 's just the dog-at-the-dinner-table stare that puts me off.Dude , you are not just barking up the wrong tree , your mellow-yet-professional , probably New Age , yoga-teaching ass is barking up about three different wrong trees simultaneously .	0
Now pardon me while I go take some Ritalin and shoot things with my a gun.span class='ljedittime'emEdited at 2008-03-22 11:26 pm UTC/em/span	0
Alternate the snack eating and knitting with deep and methodic booger picking .	0
If this still fails to deflect the old dudes approach , just wipe said booger on their sleeves .	0
Or stick boogerfinger in their face and ask , Does this look infected ?	0
It smells infected.btw , at my new work is a cat named Bug who got a bunch of shots to be allowed into the country .	0
The shots ' side effect left him wobbly .	0
The wobbly cat makes me think of little Tim .	0
If only there was a way they could team up and fight crime .	1
The combined wobble and lickety-lickety would strike fear , no doubt .	0
I told my mom this and she thought it was hilarious .	0
She commented that you are so quiet that your sense of humor always takes people by surprise.Well , actually , she compared you to a silent-but-deadly fart.I 'm totally not making that up.Re : wobble and lick - I 'm sure that the superpower generated would be of the CuteOverload sort .	0
My friend and I were talking about getting flirted with by the non-preferred gender last night .	0
He works at a store on Hawthorne and gets hit on non-stop by both genders .	0
Ben gets hit on ( though he does n't realize it ) by both as well .	0
I do occasionally .	0
But my friend and I agreed that it 's kind of nice either way .	1
As long as it 's not over the top , it 's an ego boost .	0
The world is just trying to remind you that you 're hot .	0
The problem is not the gender , it 's the age .	0
Dude , you are so old , you are like ... ... ... 5 years older than me.D'oh !	0
( andgt ; _andlt ; ) span class='ljedittime'emEdited at 2008-03-22 11:27 pm UTC/em/span	0
LOL .	0
Well , I always had a thing for old dudes , so I do n't see the problem .	1
: PHehe .	0
Am I too forward ?	0
Somehow I 've always thought it 's better to be blunt and confrontational , but then again ... bleh.A friend of mine once said `` If being honest means risking a friendship then so be it . ''	0
I do n't think you can have friendship without honesty .	1
Friends have told me nice AND mean things , so it 's hard to tell when I think someone is bullshitting me , so almost by default I have to assume that everyone is full of shit ( unless I 've known them for a while ) .	0
I think when a friendship turns into social politics , you should draw the line .	0
As such , I 'm doing my first lj-cut-a-thon .	0
Do n't worry , though ... I 'm not cutting a lot of people .	0
Inactive journals mostly , but you 'll know when I suddenly seem to quit making entries.Time for some delishus FF3 now : D	0
well being honest with some people is good .	0
However , you ca n't do that with everyone .	0
I know you do n't like the title of best friend , but normally that is the person you can be most honest with.but since you do n't like the `` best friend '' idea .	0
I 'll say that your inner circle of friends are prolly the only ones you should be as honest as you want with.Ermm ... Ok , that kinda means that being confrontational with everyone is a bad idea .	1
Why ?	0
Well I guess mainly because it 's really hard to get along with other people when there is tension .	0
I guess if you are willing to get along with fewer people , then it 's really no big deal .	0
Hey just wanted to let people know that I coming out from the shallow grave on my LJ as I got access to my LJ password .	0
So yeah , I 'll catch ya 'll later .	0
Hey , this is Carey .	0
Just letting you know I have a journal now , if you want to add me back .	0
Hey Punk , Its Keith I got a new LJ , the Jigga K thing was just played out .	0
So if you still LJ let me know , add me .	0
Hey , it 's Jeremy/Grey .	0
New LJ as well , but my old one got hacked .	0
You can delete it and add this one though lol .	0
I have problems being tactful with people , naturally- I just do n't understand the concept .	0
When people ask me `` how is ____ '' , i say `` awesome/it sucks '' , not `` awesomewesome '' delishus gogogo	0
Being forward is great and all , but there are times when you need to approach things a little more carefully to avoid any unnecessary conflict .	0
Too forward , I do n't know , but you 're very forward and it can be annoying ( recent case in point ) .	0
This does n't mean being forward is a bad thing .	0
Blunt is good , but controntational is bad .	1
Confrontational implies attitude and having a bone to pick , when sometimes just saying the truth is effective enough .	0
I 'd figure if a friend can tell you nice AND `` mean '' things , that means they 're not bullshitting you .	1
Its easy to flatter people , but its difficult to tell the truth and say something honest that might sound mean .	0
The truth hurts sometimes , but that does n't make you ( or other people ) full-o-shit jackasses for saying it .	0
Well ... normally I think of confrontational as in ... someone has a problem with me and rather than let it exist , I do something about it ( for better or worse ) .I tend to sway between empathy and lulz , since empathy is obviously better for keeping friends , and lulz is better for stress-prevention .	0
So , yeah ... I try not to be annoying : ( My only excuse for it on the internet , however , is that it 's on the internetAs far as IRL bs goes ... the main example I can suggest is non-concurring opinions .	0
Such as my hand .	0
A lot of people tell me that they never noticed until I bring it up ( bless 'em ) , while others have told me it 's the first thing they notice about me .	0
So , yeah ... that 's what I meant by whether or not someone is BSing .	0
too forward ? do i have to remind you of last night '' you wan na ... hang out sometime and do stuff ?	0
`` then again , you can be retarded and pull some low blowse.g .	0
: amanda and jamesme and MITelias and ... eliasyou 're lucky we 're awesome , but one of these days you 're gon na get your face broken -.-	0
woohoo im lame enough to get low blows on my own/salute daniel~13~	0
I think you 're good with the honesty , but I agree with one of the posters above where sometimes it seems too confrontational and it could be taken too seriously.~13~	0
eh , ya aint too bad	0
I AM DONE WITH FAMILY .	0
I LOVE YOU GUYS , but REALLY .	0
I need home .	1
Not Calgary home , Victoria home .	0
I need the salty smell of the Ocean .	0
I need to be on my own .	0
I need to be able to create my own thoughts , live my own life and not worry about how my choices will affect anyone other than me .	0
I think I know what my new years resolution is going to be .	0
I want to focus on self-development .	0
I want to grow .	0
I want to evolve.In other less 'emo ' news , my sister grinds her teeth at night and it drives me absolutely crazy .	0
I do n't know why she does it ; every time her teeth rub against each other I cringe .	0
It is one of the most awful noises I have ever experienced .	0
Worse than the squeaking noise that green beans make when you bite into them .	0
Hohum .	0
Anyways , Happy Holidays and all that ( *yawn* ) xoxoP.S : Irina !	0
Atonement !	0
The 31st !	0
Is it a date ?	0
you got it !	0
( After two nights at home , I felt the exact same way .	0
I was about ready to go join a hippie commune .	0
Even a nudist one .	0
EVEN a fat nudist one that grows turnips .	0
) I 've decided to take summer school now.Merriest New-Year to you !	0
do I count as family that you got sick of ?	0
it 's ok , I still love you !	0
Let 's try this again .	0
Drunken Angel on Saturday anyone ?	0
Sorry you ca n't make it , but , yes , there will be others.span class='ljuser ljuser-name_coyotegoth ' lj : user='coyotegoth ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= ' src= ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' - Shall we meet at the theatre 3-ish ?	0
Well , I 'm also game for rescheduling for a later show , if it will facilitate BN 's presence .	0
Whatever works : )	0
Well , I 've got a friend playing music at 8pm , so I 'd lean towards the earlier show .	1
But I could just go see her the next time she plays .	0
So , if span class='ljuser ljuser-name_brewsternorth ' lj : user='brewsternorth ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= ' src= ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' really wants to go , we could reschedule .	0
For those following along at home , we 're doing the 5:40 show .	0
Maybe we 'll see you there .	0
... Mifune during his first Kurosawa ?	0
Colour me intrigued .	0
When are the showings ?	0
1:30 , 3:30 , 5:40 , 7:50 , 9:50	0
It 'd have to be the one of the two latter showings if I *did* go , since I 've other commitments on Saturdays .	0
I 'm game if you are , and will happily call on the day to confirm .	0
Heh .	0
Ok , sounds good .	0
Have a preferred time ?	0
Perhaps the 3:30 ?	0
I think that could work .	0
span class='ljuser ljuser-name_brewsternorth ' lj : user='brewsternorth ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= ' src= ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' - does that work for you ?	0
Sadly , no , that 's right inna middle of something else I 'm doing on Saturdays - but there 'll be other movies to go-see .	1
Seven Samurai is playing this weekend at the Film Forum .	0
I 'm considering going .	0
Anyone interested ?	0
OK !	0
Maybe flipping them around and seeing Sanjuro first is the way forward , then .	0
Cool .	0
So are we on for the 7:30 show , then ?	0
Yup !	0
Want to meet beforehand ?	0
maybe .	0
when ?	0
Ok , I 'm almost ready to leave .	0
Shall we meet at about 6:45 ?	0
I 'll head down to the Film Forum and plan on getting there around 6:45 or so .	0
I 'll plan on seeing you when you get there .	0
See you soon !	0
When ?	0
How does 4:40 strike you ?	0
Aargh ; I 've been told tonight will probably go late .	0
If I see you there , great , but officially I 'm out .	0
Sigh , no can do - my weekends are all booked up these days .	1
I could probably go for emYojimbo/Sanjuro/em on the Wednesday night .	0
Someday , I hope to say hello ( says the guy who works nights ) .	0
That sounds good too .	0
What time ?	0
Hum .	0
Decisions .	0
The 5:25 Yojimbo might be a bit too tight time-wise , but if I wanted to make a double-bill of it and Sanjuro it 'd probably have to be that way around .	0
On the other hand , if I wanted to see just Yojimbo on its own and make more of an evening of it maybe the later showing would be better ... *puzzles*	0
For what it 's worth ( and I 'm sure someone out there will think this is sacrilege ) , I do n't think it 's emabsolutely/em essential to see them in order .	1
The stories feature the same main character , but do n't depend on each other otherwise .	0
If you do want to try for the 5:25 show , my Wednesday is flexible , so I can get there earlier to get tickets if need be .	1
In any case , let me know what you want to do .	0
pI want to go somewhere ; get out ; do something ; unwind for seven seconds	1
It 's been crazy and a mile-a-minute every minute for the last ten-thousand miles , and I feel like there should have been a rest-stop between here and where we refused sleep to keep on going most of last week .	0
pIt keeps on going on though , does n't it ?	0
A moment 's pause is two moments ; missed momentum ; catching up to two moments ; missed momentum only makes one miss more that delusive promise of relief .	0
The inevitable is where I always am : Whimsy and I have had our wagers , yet Predictability is invariably unmasked emenfant terrible/em and ironically emsans avant-garde/em when all the dust settles .	0
186000 miles per second : it ai n't just a good suggestion : it 's the law .	0
Just get up and go then .	0
Pretend like nothing else maters even if just for an evening	0
OMG !	0
I fucking LOVE your icon .	1
Torchwood FTW !	0
yes , it is full of win	0
I always end up doing just that , but then have to spend like three days catching up from it .	0
It 's really a vicious cycle .	1
I think I need to spend less time worrying about wasting time : )	0
It just hit me that the only food I know of outside of unprocessed fruit that no one talks smack about is Cheerios.Please tell me there is no secret , horrible , deadly , Satanic component to Cheerios .	0
Those damn things give me twenty-thousand scovile diarrheas .	0
I color code people on my friend 's list and at the angle of the screen I mistook you for a mommy-blogger on my list and my immediate thought when I read your post ( other than 'wow , what a short post for Tina ! ' )	0
was Seriously , Tina , you of all people ought to know about Cheerios ! Yeah , refined sugar , overly processed in general .	0
Tina 's kids have homemade muffins and oatmeal for breakfast ; ) .Also a lot of ( non-organic ) fruit is on the most highly pesticide contaminated list.My kids eat a lot of each.Also , in America Cheerios are breakfast cereal , but in other parts of the world they are sausages , which may contain any number of secret components : -p .	0
Cheerios made of sausage ?	0
I 'm intrigued ...	0
img Yuuuuuuuuuuuum.When you microwave them , sometimes they explode .	0
Not even that is a downside .	0
Tastes like cardboard.And the honey nut cheerios tastes like cardboard covered in honey .	0
Strongly suspect that cheerios are in fact cardboard .	1
Strongly suspect that cheerios are in fact cardboard.Not enough dietary fiber in 'em for that .	0
So they are FULL OF LIES.Enough of a reason to not eat them .	0
Cheerios are fine , sheesh .	1
a Grain Oats , Modified Corn Starch , Sugar , Oat Bran , Salt , Calcium Carbonate , Oat Fiber , Tripotassium Phosphate , Corn Starch , Wheat Starch , Vitamin E ( Mixed Tocopherols ) added to preserve freshness .	0
You know how Cheerios do n't sink ? You know what else does n't sink ? WITCHES !	0
( To actual Wiccans reading this -- I 'm going by Hammer films , not experience . )	0
I think the name alone is sufficient to cast suspicion upon it ,	0
Cheerios are full of refined grains and sugars !	0
If you 're eating anything other than things you 've pulled out of the dirt and placed straight into your mouth after a brisk shake , you 're killing yourself !	0
I wonder what Grumpios taste like .	0
Horseradish .	0
Holy shit !	0
American food reference I understand !	0
Except for chicken fried steak , because I ate that in Texas and it frightened me .	1
I also discovered they sell Cheerios in Australia now and I have a box .	0
Yay , cultural imperialism .	0
They are not the same my friend .	1
American Cheerios are very different in taste and appearance .	0
I was a very disappointed immigrant .	0
It 's weird that you mention that , I was thinking the same thing recently .	1
Other than baby food , it 's the one food that is ubiquitously seen being eaten by babies who are still getting used to using their opposable digits.After pondering this for a while , I eventually concluded that it 's their texture that make them seem the antithesis of evil .	0
1 gram of sugar per serving is a lot less than most breakfast cereals ( e.g .	0
3 grams in Corn Flakes , 4 in Special K ) .But , yeah , the carbs are all refined .	0
So you can fault it for being less healthy than oatmeal .	1
Which is n't really saying much.span class='ljedittime'emEdited at 2009-11-11 07:52 pm UTC/em/span	0
a	0
Cheerios should be labeled a drug .	0
Also , if you read Revelations backwards while shaking a box of Cheerios and spill them out on the kitchen table , they will form an ancient sigil that is the Devil 's True Name as written in the Black Tongues .	0
Not only will it bring about the apocalypse but you will also burn a nasty mark into your tabletop that will never stop smelling like cat urine and sulfur .	0
thank GOD	0
eh , keep eating it .	0
everything you eat in the world can kill you slowly anyway ; might as well enjoy it while it lasts .	1
and im pretty sure the vatican is behind the Cheerios conspiracy .	0
Cheerios make my belches taste like a truck stop.That 's about the worst thing I can say about 'em .	0
According to the Washington Post Web site : President Obama will announce tomorrow that he is extending federal benefits to include unmarried domestic partners of federal workers , including same-sex partners , White House officials said tonight .	0
Obama will sign an executive order implementing the change in the Oval Office , the officials said .	0
The move would give partners of federal employees access to health care .	0
.That 's the best news I 've heard in ages !	0
I do n't know whether the Congress will follow suit for Congressional employees , but I sure hope so .	0
Melissa is planning to keep freelancing when we go back to DC in September .	0
It seemed so unfair that she would n't have access to my spiffy Congressional health plan , like an opposite-sex spouse would .	0
Instead , she 'd need to spend a bundle to get individual health insurance .	0
But now maybe Congress will do the right thing after all.And if not , at least life just got a whole lot better for zillions of civil servants in same-sex relationships .	0
The Advocate is reporting that this will not be an executive order .	0
It will be an executive memo that will expire when he leaves office .	0
Oh and it wo n't cover health benefits or anything else financiala	0
Yup , I saw that this morning ( like the hangover after the night of partying ) .	0
Looks like the Post got it wrong .	0
Sigh .	0
Well I think that was by intent .	0
The whole point was to make it sound like something was happening when nothing was.The DOMA part I can understand , but the temporary memo vs order thing is just pure insult .	0
But something *did* happen .	0
It 's not all that we would have wanted , but it 's more than ever happened under Bush .	0
And it 's not the last word .	0
a to the head of a group advocating for G/L federal employees , Obama *can't* simply unilaterally change pension and healthcare rights without Congressional action.I understand your frustration and disappointment , but do n't treat something valuable as nothing because it 's not everything all at once .	0
Formulation of this may have been started back in January , but somehow it disappeared and the administration has admitted this is only being done because some big money gay donors started to pull out of a big DNC fundraising soiree over the administration 's hate brief on DOMA .	0
In fact , one of the reasons it was not made clear what benefits would be included until today is they announced it before they even figured out what they could put in it .	0
Seems like getting angry and demanding action is exactly what we need to be doing if we want anything to actually happen .	1
Or it could cast one 's group as people who are never happy with anything and therefore not worth bothering to try and with ...	0
pBy far the best captcha Iand # 8217 ; ve ever seen : div style=text-align : ; img alt=captcha / /div pThis via a	0
Wait , wait , it 's zero , is n't it ?	0
but you 're dividing by 0 .	0
it 's differentiation with respect to x not division by x .	0
( although they 're incorrectly implying partial differentiation )	0
YepAns = 7*4*cos ( 7x-andpi ; /2 ) x=0 =andgt ; Ans = 28*cos ( 3andpi ; /2 ) = 28*0 = 0	1
Yaaaay !	0
Someone really wanted me to like Erkin Koray , and I just do n't .	1
I do n't like the instruments , I do n't like the tune , I do n't care about the rhythm which seems custom made for a dancing bear on hash .	0
Or perhaps part of the problem is that the WUVT Turkish radio hour seemed to play nothing but this a target= '' _blank '' one song `` Estarabim '' over and over again on weekends when I had overindulged and overslept .	0
Holy shit that is cool .	0
Is that a white dude ?	0
Was he ahead of his time ?	0
However , I like `` indian '' music , so this fit into my existing likes .	0
He 's Turkish .	0
Basically the most famous Turkish pop star from the 70 's as far as I know .	0
I actually like his guitar playing , but I find the oud distracting and the songs repetitive .	0
I like this song , though , but I am a slut for psych rock .	1
 width= '' 425 '' height= '' 344 ''	0
We need to feed you up on some Bangra music , and then teach you the Indian Light Bulb Dance .	0
Bah Turkish .	0
I like that stuff a lot , actually .	1
It 's way more fun .	0
A little more `` Rah ! ''	0
a lot less `` bhang '' .	0
Fab 60 's vintage for sale on ebay .	0
Great stuff .	0
Click over picture to visit auctions.a /	0
I think it must just be the season , everyone I know of is having poor sales !	1
( myself included ) Do you think the name change threw people off ?	0
I remember when I changed my ebay account I lost people .	0
As much as I might consider changing my store name , I wo n't out of fear of fickle buyers !	0
No .	0
This was a slow week right from the start .	0
I began to change stuff ( gallery pic format , layout/background , user ID ) because of the slowness/lower number of hits on my auctions .	0
It might be because I listed sweaters and girdles instead of dresses and coats , it might be because of competition from other sellers ( let 's face it Ebay is so overstocked , it can be hard to get your auctions looked at ) .	1
People also do n't like to look at relisted auctions , and I relsited two .	0
I think things will pick up .	1
I listed stuff last night ( a bunch of short dresses ) and already there is an increase of traffic and watchers on the new stuff listed .	0
I 'm not complaining , really .	0
Things were slow last week as well , and at the last minute things still sold well .	0
You really only need like two bidders .	1
Oh !	0
And you are right about the season .	0
It 's a terrible season .	1
Too late to list coats and too early to list dresses .	0
Whatever you do is risky .	0
I can not keep up with anythiiiing .	0
I have read few fics and replied to few posts and in general been a very fail friend and fan .	0
I hope you are all well , and for those of you who are not , I offer free Jelly-hugs and Jelly-cookies .	0
; _ ; Christmas is hard .	1
D=I am finishing up gift fic tonight and focusing on shopping and wrapping and cooking - oh god why do people let me cook this can not end well - after that .	0
MEN ARE SO HARD TO SHOP FOR OMG CA N'T I JUST BUY YOU SOMETHING PRETTY PLEASE ? ?	0
I need a Bill in my life .	1
I bet he likes pretty things .	0
Or I could just give him a framed picture of these two adorkables~ width= '' 400 '' They 're so cute with their doggie .	0
Honestly , honestly , I love them so much more after seeing them be so loving towards their dog - and I did n't even know I could love them more .	0
They keep doing that , oh .	0
It may make me a bad person , but I 've basically given up buying my dad presents on Christmas entirely and have just been getting him stuff on his birthday and Father 's Day .	0
It 's ridiculous how hard he is to shop for , even my mom is on the verge of giving up .	0
So yeah , good luck with that .	0
There 's just too many holidays , that 's the problem .	0
andgt ; _andlt ; You figure out what to get them for one , and it is wonderful , and then like a week later -- OH OKAY TIME FOR MORE GIFTS .	0
=D And you 've used up any ideas you may have had .	0
D=I still get my dad gifts , but I 'm sort of in the 'lame , non-gifty type gifts ' area for all my family members .	0
I got my mom a dish rack , and I 'm honestly excited over it .	0
andgt ; _andgt ;	0
I too faced the `` what to buy male family member X '' dilemma earlier today and settled on an electric fly swatter shaped like a tennis racket .	0
What man does n't like to electrocute mosquitos ?	0
I think it 's going to be a winner .	0
I think we 're getting my uncle knives , I know how you feel.Oh , I 've had one of those fly swatters !	0
=D They 're really cool .	0
Depending on your family , you may end up having a discussion over who is going to turn the fly swatter on and touch the racket , and what will happen if they do .	0
Just warning you .	0
Oh my brother already assured me that touching it could n't be any worse than sticking your tongue on a 9V battery ( speaking from his personal experience ) .	0
It worries me that he 's an electrician .	0
=D He 's got the know how to stay out of trouble , at least ?	0
Ugh !	0
Shopping for men is horrible .	0
Even the metrosexual guyfriends I have are difficult to shop for .	0
Coffee sounds good .	0
I think most guys would go for food , anything gadget-y and electrical and stuff that makes noise ( and maybe gives off lights , sparks or a laser beam ) .	0
Even video games would go down well if he 's a gamer .	0
Good luck ! And merry christmas , jelly .	0
Your card WILL be LATE , I can guarantee that because I was late mailing it and the post people are all helping out santa at the moment .	0
I just hope it reaches you before the New Year .	0
And your bone structure will be in a different mail .	0
I wo n't forget .	0
I looked at some gadgety things - do you know , in the department store I went to , they had a gadget that was meant to break you out of your car if like , your car trapped you ?	0
It had both the ability to break glass iand/i cut a seat belt .	0
HERE , HAVE SOME FEAR FOR CHRISTMAS .	0
=Dandgt ; _andgt ; Bah .	0
Merry Chritstmasss~ andlt ; 333 You are so sweet to send me a card .	0
And bone structure .	0
*_* andlt ; 33333 So curious !	0
Gosh yes , so cute with their dogs , and I love it that the dogs are so cute with them - they are clearly happy , loved dogs .	0
And twins .	0
Merry Christmas Jelly-O !	0
Happy little fluffy family .	0
=D Merry Christmas to you !	0
andlt ; 333	0
men are impossible to buy for and it 's so frustrating ! !	0
At least with girls , all you have to do is get them something shiny or something that smells good and they will be happy : ) Those pictures of the twins with their dog just made me melt andlt ; 333 Nothing is more attractive than a guy who is not afraid to show his love for his pets : ) Good luck catching up on your Christmas stuff .	0
I 'm going to be shopping on my way to work at 7am tomorrow morning because I fail and forgot my office christmas gifts , and then I have to go out and buy Dirty Santa presents on Christmas Eve - oh joy : /	0
A friend of mine had the same problem now that we made a gift exchange last week , he had to give a gift to one of my male friends and no one could think of something for him !	0
It was so hard I suggested him to give whatever he found at this anime shop , we ended up buying a bag with the Umbrella logo and he seemed to like it XDBtw , it 's early but what the hell , merry xmas darling : )	0
It 's so hard , I swear .	0
andgt ; .andlt ; It 's good he liked it !	0
=D There 's usually lots of cool little things in anime shops.=D Merry Christmas as well !	0
andlt ; 333	0
I totally agree with you with the MEN ARE SO HARD TO SHOP FOR , I always end up with clothes like shirts , strikesometimes underwear /strike o.o , shorts or better yet ... socks ; _ ; omglolThe twins ' doggies are like their kids and they 're couples ; _ ; omg so adorable .	0
Sometimes I wish I was their dog ... XD	0
My mom and I are getting my dad socks .	0
Black socks .	0
Also a belt .	0
Possibly a hat .	0
xD andlt ; 333I knooow .	0
=D It 's so cute .	0
andlt ; 333 Furry little children .	0
ARE N'T THEY ?	0
D= You can get a woman like , anything in any store , but men , I do n't even know .	0
andgt ; _andlt ; I think I 'm getting them coffee.The twins and their doggie , god .	0
They 're so , just , *FLAIL* !	0
I love that they can love their dog that much .	0
There is probably nothing that turns me into a judgmental cynic faster than people who do n't love on their pets .	0
xDGood luck to you too !	0
andlt ; 3 What is Dirty Santa ?	0
That sounds interesting .	0
i ca n't help it - i am extremely judgmental of people who do n't love their pets and take care of them like they should .	0
Animals love you unconditionally .	0
My dog was a rescue and he was extremely abused by his previous owner , yet he is so trusting and loving of everyone .	0
I just do n't get how people can take advantage of that type of trust and devotion : ( Dirty Santa is so much fun !	0
Everyone buys a unisex gift and wraps it with no name tag .	0
Everyone takes turns opening a gift , and if someone gets something you want , you can steal it from them .	0
It 's the most fun if you have at least 10 people because people constantly steal from each other and in my family it can get ruthless XD	0
Oh , me too .	0
My pets are my family , and I can not honestly fathom anyone who does n't treat their animals that way .	0
Your doggie andlt ; 33 !	0
It 's so good he has a loving home now .	0
It 's so unfair the way animals can be treated .	0
If you 're not going to love and adore your pet , do n't get one dammit.Ohhh , we play that game too !	0
=D Though we call it White Elephant - I 'm not sure why .	0
Seeing Bill kiss their doggie while Tom grinned down at them was probably the best part of my day .	0
andhearts ;	0
=DDD That was the cutest !	0
I am so annoyed that was in the middle of the magazine , and hard to see !	0
=O I hope there 's a clear picture of it at some point .	0
Tom is so proud of his bbs .	0
THEY CA N'T POSSIBLY TOP THIS CUTENESS .	0
IAWTCIF WE KEEP SAYING THAT THEY 'LL DO IT AGAIN SOON RIGHT ?	0
I 've finally paid off my credit card debt ! That 's one thing off my list for this year : ) My personal training session on Monday was so very hardcore and stomachbs based that my abs are in sooo much pain , two days later .	1
Everytime I move , even the slightest amount , it hurts.Bending over hurts ALOT .	0
Even putting socks and shoes on hurts .	0
So I 've been sitting in my chair at work , barely moving most of the day.Thankfully.Going to Rock Trivia tonight at the Alibi Room , to raise money for Juvenile Diabetes , and to hang with some friends and maybe make some new friends ! My diet is going pretty well so far .	1
Any time I get a craving for sweets/chocolate I just have some fruit .	0
I 'm really loving Ladyfinger Bananas lately , yum ! My biggest challenge is definitely weekends .	1
Sticking to a diet when you do n't have a regular routine for weekends is tough ! Anyway must flee !	0
grats on CC debt , those things are nasty	0
Yeah I 've been eating a lot of stone fruit myself ; but then I do n't really get chocolate cravings so much .	0
I could murder a carrot cake though .	0
I feel your pain , babe .	1
I 've still got ouchy bits from my Jetski fun .	0
*is so very unfit*	0
go to : a ? id= ? id=61825	0
This is weird .	0
When we saw them last weekend they made the announcement that Greg would not be participating right before the show , and made it sound like he woke up sick that morning .	0
I had no idea he has been sick for so long .	1
He looked tired back in July but I 'd never have guessed he was sick ( he had just done two shows in five hours when we met him so 'tired ' was not a surprise ! ) .	0
I 'd also never have guessed he was my age , he looks older .	1
( Which might well be because he was unwell/exhausted , of course . )	0
Wow , he is young !	0
I always keep thinking that if they formed over a decade ago , they should be older .	0
4 - Ron/Hermione ( for span class='ljuser ljuser-name_princesslaurina ' lj : user='princesslaurina ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href='http : /rincesslaurina.livejournal.comrofile '' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href='http : /rincesslaurina.livejournal.com/'bprincesslaurina/b/span ) 3 - Gaspard Ulliel7 - Kate Winslet15 - eternal sunshinea name= '' cutid1 '' Ron/Hermione .	0
Made for span class='ljuser ljuser-name_princesslaurina ' lj : user='princesslaurina ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href='http : /rincesslaurina.livejournal.comrofile '' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href='http : /rincesslaurina.livejournal.com/'bprincesslaurina/b/span : ) table cellspacing= '' 4 '' align= '' '' tbodytrtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 '' valign= '' bottom '' small1/small/tdtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //tdtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 '' valign= '' bottom '' small2/small/tdtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //tdtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 '' valign= '' bottom '' small3/small/tdtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //tdtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 '' valign= '' bottom '' small4/small/tdtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //td/tr/tbody/tableGaspard ( i have more , that I 'll post in about a week , but not now for fear of span class='ljuser ljuser-name_gaspardlims ' lj : user='gaspardlims ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='16 ' height='16 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' : P ) table cellspacing= '' 4 '' align= '' '' tbodytrtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small1/small/tdtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small2/small/tdtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small3/small/td/trtrtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //tdtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //tdtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //td/tr/tbody/tableKate table cellspacing= '' 4 '' align= '' '' tbodytrtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small1/small/tdtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small2/small/tdtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small3/small/tdtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small4/small/td/trtrtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //tdtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //tdtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //tdtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //td/trtrtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small5/small/tdtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small6/small/tdtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small7/small/tdtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small8/small/td/trtrtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //tdtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //tdtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //tdtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //td/tr/tbody/tableEternal Sunshine table cellspacing= '' 4 '' align= '' '' tbodytrtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small1/small/tdtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small2/small/tdtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small3/small/tdtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small4/small/td/trtrtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //tdtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //tdtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //tdtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //td/trtrtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small5/small/tdtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small6/small/tdtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small7/small/tdtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small8/small/td/trtrtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //tdtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //tdtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //tdtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //td/trtrtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small9/small/tdtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small10/small/tdtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small11/small/tdtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small12/small/td/trtrtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //tdtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //tdtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //tdtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //td/trtrtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small13/small/tdtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small14/small/tdtd style= '' COLOR : # 000000 ; TEXT-ALIGN : `` small15/small/td/trtrtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //tdtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //tdtdimg alt= '' '' border= '' 0 '' src= '' //td/tr/tbody/tablea name='cutid1-end'-comment -credit span class='ljuser ljuser-name_katebert ' lj : user='katebert ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= '' ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' : ) -i 'll take requests ! !	0
I love making icons , but do n't do it often ( excluding icontests ) because I never know what to make !	0
WOOHOO !	0
*jumps around* your header is legend btw	0
thank you ! !	0
i quite like it , myself .	0
for some reason *warning , randomness is about to ensue* when i read `` legend '' my mind started making intense police car whooping noises ... heh apparently i have n't been sleeping enough	0
haha oh dear- someone needs sleep !	0
My sister randomly hears doorbells *_*	0
Oooh , pretty !	0
I love the Kate and Eternal Sunshine icons .	0
thanks ! !	0
i love the icon you used !	0
Dude , Kate Winslet is kind of really awesome .	1
Today as we watched the final act of iHamlet/i , I squeaked giddily to Kyle , `` Kate Winslet is pretty even when she 's playing the corpse of a madwoman ! ''	0
Of course he agreed ; who can argue with the truth ? PS .	0
I miss you.	0
kate winslet = ruler of all things attractive.Miss you too , love !	0
I am getting the impression that I really , REALLY must see ESotSM .	0
ASAP , The icons are gorgeous , btw .	0
andlt ; 3 !	0
yes , yes you must ! !	0
thanks so much !	0
Your icons look amazing !	0
thanks ! !	0
Ooh loving these !	0
Kate looks so pretty and R/H # 4 is v powerfull *_*Can I request one or two Robert Pattinson as Edwar icons ?	0
*bats eyelashes*	0
thanks ! !	0
and YES i will for sure make some !	0
Do the wheelchair-bound people of america cry every time they park their car/relive the most horrible experience of their life ( assuming they were run down by a car ) ? img id= '' 1 '' > Time for a new logo , guys .	0
You 're breaking hearts .	0
Unless I got it wrong , and by parking your car over a stick-figure-cripple you 're destroying the pain ( ala Upright Citizens Brigade and those Tragedy muffins or whatever ) .	0
heh	0
I was hit by a car and I do n't really care about the handi ... uh ... capable symbol .	0
Of course I 'm not wheelchair-bound so maybe it does n't count .	1
I just get pissed at jaywalkers now .	1
I mean if you 're gon na get hit you should at least do what I did and cross at a crosswalk .	0
Otherwise you do n't get any money .	0
Besides it 's not gon na kill people to walk half a block to the crosswalk .	0
Crossing in the middle of the street might , though .	0
you made my morning , mister !	0
no.i do not drive a car.i drive a wheel chait to and from ny dancing jobs .	0
So the logo can be taken literally ?	0
Like , park your wheelchair here ' !	0
I am taking a hiatus from the online world .	0
Ive dropped my- myspace- realized i need to be more socially independent .	0
I still havent quite figured out whats going on Next year between the City and Savannah , i have heard ups and downs from both schools which doesnt really help .	0
Ive made atleast twenty pros and cons charts , and they all seem to even out .	0
I am 86 % sure i will end up in New York City .	0
But dont take my word for it , im just a fucked up little girl .	0
I have less then two months left of school , Castleton is slowly descending into a mere memory as opposed to a pathetic present .	0
Ive engorged myself into my art .	0
While making stretchers i managed to slice my thumb with the saw .	0
I bandaged it quickly , but then while applying canvas i stapled that same thumb -- Its now purpley blue for lack of blood -- The funny thing is i didnt realize i stapled it til i noticed the blood dripping onto the canvas -- OooowwWW	0
I andlt ; 3 you	0
can i buy the painting ? so i can take your dnaand make little sam clonesto fold my laundry ? see you in nyc *if you decide to go* ; )	0
Better Luck just paying me to fold your laundry .	0
; - ) We 'll boogie down in the NYC .	0
i recently visited SVA , and even though i 'll be going to Parsons and not SVA , i really , really would recommend you go there .	1
It 's all up to you , really , but before I had gotten into Parsons , i was in the same situation .	0
but the advantage SVA has is its ' faculty , internships , etc .	0
the guarantee of a job , as opposed to Savannah .	0
but my AIM is still up if you want to talk : letskillmichelle	0
The only good thing about bronchitis.Often , when I have a quiet moment to recline and there are no other sounds ... My wheezing , to my own ears , sounds like the engine of the TARDIS.This is much less cool if one is not a geek .	0
Sorry your not feeling well when your better come to Seattle and play	0
*LOL* I like that sound .	0
Ha ! Kinda like how my old car 's windshield wipers sounded like nazgul .	1
Awful , but still with geek points .	0
I hope you feel better soon .	0
from some time ago.Currently living in downtown Vancouver enjoying the bachelor lifestyle.Sunday , after so many years , went back to Sanctuary for the Prom and spent it with the hottest goth girl ( albeit part-time goth ) this side of the continent.Watching Chuck , and still seething from his break-up with Kristen Kreuk last week .	0
No one dumps Kristen Kreuk .	0
No one !	0
What a pretty girl !	0
Sounds like you 've been busy .	0
Oh , I 'm surprisingly unbusy .	0
I 'm going to have to force myself to be a little bit more active in the future , but it 's somewhat difficult ... trying to fund raise and work on projects , but not sure how to pay for them .	0
Been wanting to go down the coast again ... I hear that the Bay area has some wonderful delicacies called isweet pockets/i that I 'm dying to taste ... : )	1
I 'm sure you 'll find a way !	0
: ) HAHAHAHA OH MY GOD I CA N'T BELIEVE YOU WENT THERE D ; SLFK ; SLDKF ; LSDFC./XZCKLXCV .	0
Oh dear lord ... so sweet and moist ... you ca n't tell me you 've never had the craving !	0
Hahaha !	0
They 're old hat in these parts .	0
dang .	0
you did it again .	0
Always good to keep up with one 's skills : )	0
this has been a good photo week for me.. 1 .	1
i found out that i sold strike2/strike 3 photos at my show : ) ( the show was only open to the public for 3 hours , so i think this is pretty damn good.2 .	0
i am having another show in april ! !	0
: ) 3. one of my a is going to be featured in a book called Roadside Americana .	0
( i will write more about this later probably ) this is exciting and it is good to finally be making a little bit of money doing this too.also , i started doing some through the viewfinder shots ( ttv ) with a kodak duaflex .	0
i really really love them.a title=pink lady by bjorkish , on Flickrimg width=500 height=500 alt=pink lady /i think this is what my april show theme will be .	0
what do you think ? also , OMG i will be 29 in a little over a week !	0
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !	0
oooh , so cool , jocey ! ! ! ! ! congrats ! ! !	0
! ^_^	0
YAY ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	0
: DI am so happy for you : D : Dandlt ; 3	0
also , I absolutely love your ttv shots !	0
I think they would make a great show ! !	0
i think so too .	0
and i LOVE taking them !	0
the only tricky thing is matting and framing 12x12 ( or 8x8 ) photos ... . but i have a month to do it , so ... : )	0
True .	0
But square frames are n't so hard to find ... you will just have to do your own matting ... ; - ) Also , Ikea typically has good square frames ( cause square is so mod like that ) a	0
all good news ! !	0
congrats.. and i love how that picture turned out !	0
Awesome news , congratulations ! ! ! !	0
: DI really love the viewfinder theme idea , you have just the eye for snaps that will suit such a theme nicely , too .	0
Yeep sorry , that was me Scarlette .	0
My computer is acting up !	0
the sadness was rising to humiliation , so i ceased this thing .	0
now it only eddies some place dark , infrequently familiar .	0
so im beginning again .	0
i was always terrified of needing someone , it was simpler to feign my strength along with all my other lies but the needing came , irreversible , irrefutable and it swept everything away , the deceptions and my strength .	0
i realise it was a wonderful thing .	0
sometimes im too weak to dress myself .	0
sometimes im too weak to talk .	0
i need .	0
sometimes im too weak to remember .	0
sometimes im too weak to eat .	0
sometimes im too weak to move .	0
i need .	0
sometimes im too weak to love him .	0
sometimes im too weak to stay here .	0
i need .	0
i need and he sees .	0
i need and he 's there .	0
i need and he dresses me .	0
he pushes the food into my mouth , he lifts me from the carpet , he loves me always , he remembers for me , he saves me .	0
and sometimes its never sometimes but every day .	0
You do n't really need someone to save you .	0
Do you really think , if he was n't there to do it , you would n't pick yourself up ? That is what I would say to myself : you think you have fallen to the point where he is essential to push you out of bed , you need somebody to do it and he is the only one that cares enough .	0
But as it turns out you manage faster on your own when there 's no one to crawl into bed with you .	0
Trite ?	0
True .	0
Preachy ?	0
Yep , way way preachy but you do n't need anyone and neither do I. Sticking around for a need is worse than leaving .	0
be warned young Padowanyou are not as dependant as you think you are .	0
remember that .	0
you can be strong , and sometimes you might have to be .	0
just remember , even superman falls .	0
we both know that	0
thank you master kanobi , xxx .	0
although in this case i think needing has been a positive , it 's allowed me to dispell my lies and break down all those walls i had cemented around me	1
Cece and I have been taking voice/singing lessons for a while now : She because she is in a a and me just for fun .	1
Anyway , our a `` voice teacher held a recital the other week where each of his students performed .	0
I sang `` What a Wonderful World '' ( made famous by Louis `` Satchmo '' Armstrong ) and `` Modern Major General '' from Gilbert and Sullivan 's `` The Pirates of Penzance '' .	0
I was a bit stressed out , not only for performing a demanding piece before an audience , but also because it was also the final week of School ( though I think I ended up doing pretty well ) .	1
Speaking about it later , the subject turned to a Lehrer 's parody of the Major General 's Song , `` The Elements '' .	0
We talked about performing emthat/em for the next recital later this year , but I decided not to because it would be too similar .	0
However , I did decide I should sing one of Tom Lehrer 's pieces , I just have to decide which one.What Tom Lehrer song do you think I should sing ?	0
So many good ones to choose from !	0
I started out trying to come up with a suggestion , and then realized that I really could n't narrow it down ... .National Brotherhood Week ? Or ...	0
Send the Marines ?	0
( politcal clime apropos ... ) or ... I ca n't remember the title now , but he 's singing about flying off to drop the bomb ... going to have to riffle through my mp3s now .	1
Argh !	0
i found a web-site that has midi-ized versions of some Tom Lehrer songs .	0
God I love midi ! a my knowledge though you ca n't have midi words .	0
Damn damn damn : then they could have a whole midi opera .	0
OK well , maybe in heaven.Ciao .	0
Masochism TangoThe song about Jews ( `` I 'm spending Hanukkah in Santa Monica ... '' ) One of the Electric Company songs ( like about words that end in -ly ) There 's always Poisoning Pigeons in the Park ...	0
You have a touching song about humanity and a nice up-beat number .	0
I vote for a touching love song .	0
How about `` I Hold Your Hand In Mine '' ?	0
National Brotherhood Week ?	0
I happen to love Poisoning Pidgeons in the Park , but that 's just me .	0
it 's a toss up between `` masochism tango '' and `` alma '' , both of which are great songs ... .	0
Hmm , How about SMUT !	0
It is a great song .	0
Or his parody of a Chrismas Carol song .	0
Or even The Vatican Rag.My personal vote is for SMUT !	0
Poisoning Pigeons in the ParkWe Will All Go Together When We GoMasochism Tango	0
I love this picture , even though I ca n't tell what I 'm supposed to be doing . It 's not intros , because there 's the rest of the team on the bench .	1
So , where 's the pack ? Who cares ? I look tough . Also , this the first bout photo in history where I 'm neither falling on my butt nor letting my knees get glued together.img alt= /You know , I do n't want to harp on this , but we 've got another bout coming up on March 14th . Doors at 6:00 , bout at 7:00 . We 're playing both Harrisburg and Atlanta , and they are going to cry , cry , cry.Tickets at missiontix.org/ccrg	0
awesome picture !	0
off topic , but are you using those the narrow , Atom Omega wheels ?	0
how do you like them ?	0
do you really think the narrower profile give more maneuverability ?	0
Yep , those are the wheels .	0
I like them a lot .	1
I like their grip level for our sportcourt ( which can get pretty slick ) .	0
I do n't do enough quick footwork to really be able to tell a difference in maneuverability , but one thing I appreciate about them is that it cuts down on how much I click or lock wheels with other skaters .	0
I tend to do that far too much .	0
I mean , that 's more a form issue than a wheel issue , but I figure every little bit helps .	0
wow .	0
you look all evil and shit .	0
The way I look on the outside is the way I feel on the inside .	0
Plus , if you want to goth it up when your team wear yellow , you have to go that extra mile .	0
word .	0
Sweetheart !	0
You look pure EVOL , and I mean that in the Sonic Youth way .	1
Deadly serious , strong , and on your way to leave no wo/man standing without tears in their eyes .	0
RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAR .	0
and she sure looks like a badass bitch from hell .	0
bNo Dusk nor Dawn/bSomeone lost their mindin the middle of the road.I suspect he knewwhat he was doing whenhe threw it out the window.Nobody has eyes like the moon.Dead , frozen , and dark , hiding the day in shadow.The Winter Night caresfor little but Mayhem.Someone brought about a star.She does things for her own self , and shines in the process.She flares with anger at thehuman sacrifices put down in her namebut does little but watchand grin to herself.Heat in the stomachglares through red , aching eyes.The Summer Sun burnsonly for herself. -- -For Week One over at span class='ljuser ljuser-name_brigits_flame ' lj : user='brigits_flame ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='16 ' height='16 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' The topic is Luminary and it , along with reflections of my own issues of finding a happy medium , brought about this poem .	0
What if the Sun and Moon did not recognize each other ?	0
What if there were no dawn or dusk for them to meet ?	0
The skies seem selfish by themselves .	0
Sweetheart .	0
You wrote this ? I ilove/i this , especially the first five lines .	1
The rest is good too , and very much on par with a lot of contemporary poetry , but especially that part .	0
It breaks the mold of how you usually start the poems you post here , and I love it.I insist you submit it for publication .	0
Gorgeous ! I really like the second verse .	1
Conjures up some beautiful imagery .	0
This is gorgeous !	0
I love the imagery and the use of personification .	1
I especially love the guy throwing his mind out the window ( he lost his mind voluntarily ) .	0
Also , the moon is often connected with insanity ( which you probably knew , based on this poem ) , so it fits together perfectly .	0
I 'm not much of a poetry fan .	0
I find a lot of it to be unwieldy , intentionally throwing off what seems to me to be the natural pace of the words , and focused more on wit and beauty than connection and sense .	0
This has none of those detractions .	1
It is beautiful and it connects , it flows smoothly and draws me in , it 's witty and sensible and it makes me want to pet the words .	0
I love this poem .	0
Thank you for sharing it .	0
I read this once , read the comments below , and then read it again -- this time , slower and out loud.I love the juxtapositions of Moon and Sun/Man and Woman .	0
One mad character , one selfish , both are odd kindreds in some way ... I just ca n't figure out why .	0
It 's been a very long day.This is a play on negatives ; it 's beautifully rendered .	0
My only real criticism comes in the form of the first few lines in each stanza.iSomeone lost their mind / in the middle of the road./iI understand you 're starting out with a general `` someone , '' not revealing the sex or identity until a line or two later .	0
It might ( I say might because this is completely subjective ) be stronger if you stated , `` He lost his mind / in the middle of the road . ''	0
The same goes for `` She brought about a star .	0
`` Just something to think about .	0
= ) Good luck this week !	0
Thank you for sharing .	0
This is a lovely piece of poetry.I agree that the first five lines are wonderfully unique .	0
beautiful ( i love poems about stars ) i love the first lines and how your strong tone builds and builds and the poem progresses .	0
great job !	0
well the life in orange county is now at its end .	1
a week ago i moved back down to san diego for-ev-er .	0
so i should be posting morebecause quite honestly i have no friends here and theres nothing to do i havent already done .	1
lol so how is everyone ?	0
a lot has happened since i was oh so addicted to all that is LJ.. so i 'm hoping nobody dropped me as a friend so i can catch up on all your posts i have yet to read .	0
wish me luck i 'm sure i have days of reading ahead of me though i think lj only lets me go back so many days .	0
pffth .	0
: Plife is good .	1
back home , still with andrea andlt ; 3. so until i post again take it easy .	0
relatively good .	0
and i suppose you 've been the same ?	0
You suck butt.Miss you.Love , Gilbert	0
i wo n't mention the things you suck .	0
miss you too , f0cker .	0
one and only , Arnie LOL	0
poopie ! i love you !	0
you 're still with andrea but you 're back home again ? i am confused .	0
more information , please .	1
andrea has been out of work for a couple months trying to find a job was a no win situation and then out of the blue her father comes up with i 'm selling the house to buy a motorhome .	0
so we figured it 'd be best just to move down to my moms in san diego and try to get a job .	1
he did n't want me there from the get'go.. but he delt with the fact that his daughter was in love with another woman and he did what he could to bite his tongue.. he let me live there , so i owe the man a lot.. but he 's still a homophobe and is now trying to get andrea back up there with all these job offers AFTER she had already moved down here with me to my moms .	1
get any of that ?	0
that sucks .	0
but at least you 're home with your mom and stuff , right ?	0
for a minute there i was thinking you two broke up and there was the oh no lookwelcome back though	0
oh no , we 're still hanging in there strong .	0
: ) i miss you !	0
come back to cali already .	0
salutations sugar plum !	0
Welcome back to your old place , and lj ... .that is if ya still remember me .	0
thank you much .	0
: ) i have a crappy memory but i did n't forget .	0
heh how 've you been ?	0
... and coffee hour 's not for another 45 minutes !	0
Please pass the hot cross buns.I am on a Christian contemporary music site .	0
Each week there are free downloads of new tunes , and also a streaming full length new release album .	0
As a social site , there are also boards , profiles , reviews , and so on .	0
And polls .	0
Here is a poll which could have benefited from some editing : ba you think homosexuals should have rolls in the church ? /bOf course , wear your flame-retardant pure [ unadulterated ] linen ephod if you want to read any of the comments .	0
I hear there are plenty of them under the Table !	0
I 'd be happy to tell any of this sort a certain story about a white pigeon and a cathedral , but it would be , well , like casting pearls .	0
Perhaps with a nice vinaigrette ?	0
On a more serious note I can understand the argument that homosexuals are unrepentant sinners but so are people on their second marriage .	1
Matthew 19:9 Now I say to you that whoever divorces his wife , except for immorality , and marries another commits adultery. Most Protestant churches do let unrepentant adulterers have roles in the church.I mean how can one call oneself a follower of the teachings of Christ and throw out what he was recorded as saying , while applying Old Testament standards intended for priests to the general populace .	0
It 's really a question of Grace is n't it ?	0
I 'm not a Christian so I 'm not sure how Grace figures into this discussion .	0
My understanding is that grace has to do with salvation .	0
This particular argument has more to do with social standards .	0
It is accepted that all people are sinners but Christians are supposed to repent their sins .	0
The issue seems to be that giving social status in the Church to unrepentant sinners would encourage sin by setting a bad example .	0
Whether unrepentant sinners can achieve salvation is whole different issue .	0
My argument is just that it is hypocritical to punish homosexuals for being unrepentant sinners but allow divorced people off the hook .	0
Christ did n't say anything about homosexuals but he was quite explicit about divorce .	0
Well you can repent of a sin , and then live in grace .	1
If you continue to live in sin though , you have n't repented so you ca n't gain grace .	0
Christ 's admonitions on divorce were really a way to prevent women from being abandoned by their husbands , and leaving families without livelihoods .	0
The different ways Christians handle Grace led to their splitting into hundreds of denominations .	0
If you were Catholic and gay , you could technically cohabitate and be celibate and live in grace , but if you slip up and have sex , you could go to confession and be absolved .	0
Protestants do n't have that option , because they do n't believe their preachers stand in for God , and so they do n't have the power to absolve .	0
And it gets more complicated of course , because some Protestants believe that salvation is through faith alone , some through faith and acts , and some still even believe in Pre-Destination , which means either you 're on the list or your not and nothing you do in this life has a bearing on that .	1
bDo you think homosexuals should have rolls in the church ? /bNo , they should wait to go to the altar and stand before the Priest/Minister before eating any kind of bread *evil grin*	0
I am uncertain if we should have rolls in church , all I have been offered to eat to date is wafers .	0
Mmm , tasty tasty rolls .	0
Hot cross buns , perhaps ?	0
Only if there is hay in said church .	0
Wait ... coffee hour is at 115 ?	0
really ?	0
I 'm overdue for coffee hour then !	0
Well , no , they should n't .	1
They should have rolls in the Parish Hall .	0
No one should have rolls in the church .	0
One is n't supposed to eat in the church .	0
Of course I also sometimes like taking my rolls ( and tea and whatever else looked good at coffee hour ) outside to eat , if there is a place to gather there .	0
Of course , I 'd rather it be a bagel and not a roll , but roll will do .	0
No muffins or donuts or danish , please ! span class='ljedittime'emEdited at 2009-09-09 07:48 pm UTC/em/span	0
It 's this kind of thing that makes me glad I 'm pagan .	1
We do n't have rolls , we have cakes and ale .	0
If it 's sausage rolls , I 'd be all over that .	0
Sure , they can have rolls .	0
Just do n't let them have sticky buns !	0
Depends whose you are referring to !	0
*blush**titter*	0
That was where I was going.I assume they really meant iroles/i .	0
I 'm sure we could go off into double-entendre land about roles for homosexuals , too.But I won't.Yet .	0
I think rolls would be rife with double-entendre as well .	0
Not just the hot-cross buns variety , but ...	0
Rolls ?	0
Only if they bring enough to share !	0
As for roles -- well that depends ...	0
I guess they just want to feed us the crumbs	0
*new apartment .	0
i get the keys monday , junk gets moved in shortly after .	0
i 'm terribly happy + incredibly anxious about living alone for the first time .	0
look for me in the line to sell plasma/hair/eggs very soon .	0
i want to paint my walls pewter and grow carnivorous plants on my balcony.s*picking up a new bed at ikea in the midst of transfer .	0
going to be the comfiest sleep-pod ever./s it so is.s*my car will be paid off in july .	0
it 's ... running .	0
for now .	0
allotted car payment monies are devoted to a down payment on new transport once parkinson is no longer partially owned by the bank./s mine !	0
*reinstalling rosetta stone .	0
goal : be able to inquire about donkey shows in at least 05 languages .	0
it looks like something h.p .	0
lovecraft would have taken pages to describe .	0
src= '' src= ''	0
err ... you 're never signed on !	0
Neil Gaiman 's house Pink Palace from Coraline	0
where should i go on a 03 day vacation ?	0
not neil gaiman 's house , i do n't have a passport .	0
Neil Gaiman lives in Portland.You could always visit me ( I drive !	0
) , or fly to NYC , or I hear the west coast of FL is nice and unpolluted.Everywhere in the US is gon na be hot.Where have you always wanted to visit ?	0
i hear the west coast of florida is full of icp obsessed meth addicts .	0
but anyway !	0
i was thinking of taking a weekend in autumn or winter and visiting someplace where jackets are n't a rare sight .	0
chicago , boston , someplace to explore .	0
i 'm ebaying posessions for airfare , woo .	0
In that case !	0
You might like Portland , actually.But I encourage this Chicago-going .	0
CHICAGOOOO !	0
actually ... if i can make it halloween weekend , i pick salem or new orleans .	0
otherwise , yeah , chicagOOO .	0
languages ?	0
i did not wear a big black hoodie today .	0
be proud !	0
 width= '' 480 '' height= '' 385 ''	0
i 've got it down in english and spanish ( which i 've apparently absorbed ) .	0
would definitely like to learn japanese and german for travel purposes .	0
src= ''	0
a class='ljedittime'emEdited at 2009-07-04 02:03 am UTC/em/span	0
Oh my god I want that as an icon .	0
Real subtle , BK .	0
it 's too sexy for an icon.i think i want that sandwich .	0
and then to be horribly and violently sick immediately after .	0
pa name= '' cutid1 ''	0
Time will hopefully improve things ...	0
I wish you the best of luck with it .	0
Well be around 2 years and i do n't think it can get any better .	0
But thanks : )	0
yes its not that easy to just get rid of some people like you wish you could I SO know how you feel ... : :hugs	0
andlt ; -- -leans on your shoulder ; )	0
width= '' 987 '' height= '' 755 '' alt= '' Silence '' /	0
*high five*	0
Excellent.Funny thing , I saw a cross before I saw a cartwheel .	0
You will see it IRL !	0
It 's true !	0
This and more , I hope .	0
Oooooh do n't you worry , Ben will show ya thangs ...	0
beautiful : )	0
*bows* Consider it a testament to my muses : ) ... . ... Hey , are you ogling my illustration ?	0
i like the sandy washy messy with that anal white tightness , cleaness .	0
great contrast !	0
i totally would get a tattoo of this !	0
really wonder how you 'd do as a tat artist .	0
you 'd definitely be way more awesome than the stereotypical run of the mill .	0
Tighty whiteyness ?	0
: ) Thanks !	0
Nice contrast , yes ... and yet 't is subtle , no ?	0
This piece particularly I think has to be seen up close to be appreciated best ... there 're lots of subtle greys in it that get lost from a distance .	1
Blast me and my subtleperson 's craft.I do n't know how I 'd do as a tattoo artist !	0
I 'd like it if people would just let me go to town on them : ) , but I do n't know how much I 'd like spending my days indelibly branding people with fairies and butterflies and Al Pacino 's face .	0
And `` hot devil chicks . ''	0
Although if I was getting paid handsomely to copy Al Pacino 's face ... .	0
hooom ! ... .	0
*flimbles fingers* That would change things .	0
Maybe it 's more that I just doubt my ability to draw whatever people want me to draw ... be it figures , gangstas , Dali elephants , animals ... but maybe that 's what God made reference material for .	0
It 'd be interesting to look into a job like that , see what it might be like ... though something always tells me it would n't be a good fit somehow .	0
Ross has an idea for a tattoo that he wants me to design soon , though , so that might prove inspiring : ) .	0
a it 's not true you have to tat what other people say.some artists can only tat what they can design or draw or what they 're interested in.and if you did boring stuff like fairies and butterflies there 's always templates and that 's just like being paid for tracing !	0
Meesta Swastikaz got some skillz yo .	0
Well that 's good to know ...	0
I remember Israel was talking about going into some kind of tattoo artist internship or training or something a while back ; I 'll have to talk to him about that and see if he has any thoughts on all this : ) .	0
Neat-o .	0
Whay thank yeou .	0
But what the fuck is language poetry ? I feel like I need a primer just to talk to some of my friends here . I make a bad conversationalist when I just nod and sort of grimace .	0
a	0
Yeah , I saw this .	0
But what I really want is all of the knowledge that my peers have , or maybe a condensed and jumbled version , because that would be most appropriate , to be poured into my head , without me having to read any of it .	1
I suppose this really just amounts to hanging out with the poetry kids more .	0
But thank you : )	0
it 's so hard to be a renaissance woman anymore ... knowledge is so specific anymore , and so much of it .	1
A cursory glance is often all we can come to .	0
But yeah , hang out with them more .	1
At the very least , you 'll pick up the vocabulary of the field and sound like you know what you 're talking about .	0
The bands going to hell .	0
'fraid to say i side a bit more with allison on this one , love .	1
whats done is done , theres nothing anyone can do .	0
i really , truly , understand being upset .	0
but it cant be changed now , i hope you show the respect that any other drum major would of have , and if you arent ... well ... im sure you can figure out where im going .	0
Some posts seem to serve no purpose but to make people pissed .	0
*shrug* You 're right about it being her decision , though .	0
aww..stacy got it ?	0
i 'm sorry robyn .	0
listen , it wo n't be that bad .	1
ya 'll have survived WAY worse drum majors ... .no names mention .	0
*cough*it sucks that you did n't get it , but there could be lots of reasons why .	1
such as carder NEEDS you on the field .	0
trust me , carder knows what he 's doing .	0
and i know it SUCKS , but his crazy plans usually work .	0
lolhang in there , it 's gon na be ok.love ya !	0
I was extremely upset last night about it ...	0
But your right.. Carder 's plans usually turn out okay.. And he knows what hes doing ...	0
It should be fine .	0
As long as the band does fine , it does n't matter who 's drum major or section leader.I do n't think the band will be good enough though .	0
itll be fine , JC and I will see to that.just wait .	0
haha	0
Yeah , okay .	0
[ /sarcasm ] lolGood luck with that .	0
Bitter much ?	0
stay strong guys , drumline will take care of everything , i swear it .	1
i have my fair share of people to feel bad for , myself included , you think this isnt the FIRST YEAR that there hasnt been 2 drumline section leaders ?	0
but jc and i talked it out , we are cool .	0
and well , i may or may not talk to carder tommarow .	0
we shall see.and well ... i told you not to underestimate her , love.theres my two cents , do as you will ...	0
haha , that sucks , because the drumline will be just fine	0
this deserves a picture of the YA RLY owl	0
haha..wow mike	0
i could have told u that a looooooonnnngggggggg time ago darlin !	0
robyn !	0
thats not even funny .	0
stacy is going to be an amazing drum major .	1
i have absolute confidence in her .	0
and so does carder , which is why he picked her .	0
if you think your opinion is better than carders , then why dont you go tell him yourself and quit whining about it here .	0
im sure he 'd be FASCINATED to hear about it .	0
just because you didnt get drum major , doesnt mean the band is going to be bad .	0
stacy will be amazing at it , mrs hill , carder , and i have confidence in her .	0
and yes , mrs hill said so , i talked to her .	0
so next time you think youre going to go complain about someone because they got the job you wanted , or for any other dumb reason , maybe you should think that maybe theres a reason they got it .	0
you know , beacuase theyre fit for the job , theyre the best qualified , and everyone knows that they can handle it .	0
dont even start complaining about her anymore .	0
It 's her journal , I 'm pretty sure she can post whatever the fuck she wants on it .	1
Not trying to be an asshole or anything .	0
Just letting you know .	0
thanks franklin..	0
Seeing pirate radio at city .	0
There 's already people lined up for twilight dos .	0
Wtf .	0
Anyways , i 'm excited to see me some jack dav :9	0
wtf .	0
I wish my life had nothing going on to the point where I could just wait in line for days to see a movie.Although I would pick a good movie .	0
I was truly flabbergasted , and a little disgusted with the state of humanity when I saw them .	0
that movie was better than I expected !	0
I super enjoyed it !	0
Ugh I ca n't believe they changed the title to 'Pirate Radio ' ( and took so long to release it in the USA ) .	1
Really ?	0
The Boat That Rocked ( the title it was released with in the UK and NZ ) is so much better .	0
Lol sorry I 'll stop complaining now .	0
That movie is AWESOME.Ew , why would you queue for Twilight ( it 's not like it 's going anywhere ) ?	0
And how do people even have the time ?	0
Oh man !	0
I knew there was something off sounding about the title .	0
I totally never even made the connection that it 'd been changed though .	0
Wow , it 's like a light has just been turned on !	0
lolI really enjoyed it .	0
Got ta grab that one when it comes to dvd .	1
And idek about Twilight .	0
It hurt my soul to see them .	0
Lol .	0
At least the movie is still awesome : D Although I hate it when they change the name of films lol .	0
Heh , the DVD is good too - has fun special features.Lol , they showed some stuff about the New Moon premiere on TV here last night , and some of the girls were saying they 'd been waiting for five days to get a spot on the barrier .	0
FIVE DAYS .	0
Seriously .	0
I was appalled .	1
a `` target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' alt= '' Image and video hosting by TinyPic '' name= '' cutid1 '' Did I just spend an hour watching John Simm rub food on his face and maniacally laugh ? Pretty sure all of the Doctor/Master shippers collectively fainted when they got all up in each other 's faces and mind melded or whatever.I hope they go into the development of the cult of Saxon or w/e that was , it was really sudden .	0
Presumably , because at the end of series three they only rewound to right before the arrival of the American convoy , there 'd still be stuff left about Saxon 's existence .	0
Still , how does a former prime minister gather a crazed group of disciples ? The Naismith family also needs some background info , as well as the green people.So are we supposed to assume that the only non-Master people left on the planet are Wilf , the Doctor , Donna , and maybe the green people ?	0
Obviously everyone except for Wilf is protected by not having fully human DNA and thus being immune to the overwrite.WHERE 'S MY GIRL JESSICA ? a name='cutid1-end '	0
Yeah , definitely .	0
Plus , have you seen the list of returning actors ?	0
There are two that are way out of left field , and I ca n't even start to guess how those different episodes are going to be tied together .	0
It also seems like there 's a lot of speculation about Romana coming back ? Maybe at this point , Jack has had enough alien contact to protect him ?	0
Or he could have been off-planet , having left after Children of Earth .	0
idk how he 'd find out about the Master 's takeover , considering that he does n't have the hand anymore .	0
Maybe there 's some way for him to receive a distress signal , or he conveniently wanted to pay a visit to Ianto 's grave or something.Yes !	0
I hope she comes back , that would be brilliant .	0
I also wish that `` Life is short , you are hot '' was actually a reasonably pick-up line .	0
I have n't seen the list no ...	0
Which two are the left field ones ?	0
I dunno , I think that speculation started when River Song appeared .	0
I kind of hope she does n't come back ... She 's my favourite companion and I 'm terrified they 'd ruin her for me.Yeah , must be something like that .	1
The Master 's plan seems to have reached other planets ( Gallifrey for example ) so I guess there 's no reason it could n't reach wherever Jack is .	0
Maybe the Time Lords get hold of him or something.It 's a fabulous pick-up line , is n't it ?	0
Russell Tovey and Jessica Hynes are supposed to be coming back -- apparently there 's something to do with the journal of Time Lord information that Ten had when he was a human .	0
And as far as I can remember , Alonso and Wilf would n't have had any interaction in Voyage Of The Damned .	0
It seems more like there is a Greater Force at stake that 's controlling the Master , and that he 's just being used as part of a larger project .	1
The next episode is going to be some serious business.I still ca n't get over how Simm 's legs look disturbingly good in the Naismith girl 's dress and heels .	0
Oh lord , you 're right when you say you ca n't even begin to string the episodes together .	0
Seriously wtf.It 's possible ...	0
The damn thing with sci-fi is that anything can happen , so it 's difficult to predict .	0
An hour just does n't seem long enough to fit it all in.I know , right ?	0
He was working that dress .	0
Yeah , I love both of them and it 'll be nice to see them , but ... WHAT ?	0
Sure , time is bleeding , but there has to be some significance.I agree , the next episode is going to have to go so fast to cram everything in .	0
I read that it 's supposed to be an hour and fifteen minutes , which helps a little , but there 's still so much to resolve .	0
I 'm still confused by it all although John Simm in a dress made up for some of it.I did think some of it seemed to slip into fanfic territory at times .	0
rofl , he was working the Naismith daughter 's pink dress.Just wait until the green people turn out to be a convenient deus ex machina at the end , haha .	0
That episode was so terrible , my head is still spinning from it 's suck .	1
All the stuff with the Master was absolutely awful , the effects were awful , most of the writing was awful , and even the Doctor was pretty awful most of the episode .	0
It almost made me excited for Matt Smith just so that garbage would end.D :	0
It 's like RTD looked at Last Of The Time Lords and thought , `` How can I be more ridiculous than this ?	0
`` The Doctor and Wilf interaction helped , and it was better than Waters Of Mars , but next week looks like it 'll be a trainwreck .	0
I was so confused by this episode and it actually hurt my head a little bit .	1
The Master reminded me of Gollum from LOTR at timesLOL at the fact that George 's girlfriend , Nina , from Being Human was one of the green peopleNaismith and his daughter had a creepy , borderline incestuous relationshipThe Doctor and Wilf 's interactions made up for some of the confusion , as did seeing the Master in women 's clothing	0
As a Doctor/Master shipper I can confirm that it was pretty exciting and I genuinely thought for a moment Rusty would throw in a kiss , in a flurry of Master-Insanity and Christmas cheer .	0
The Doctor Who Confidential said that the only four left were The Master , The Doctor , Donna and Wilf .	1
Wilf being the only human I guess he 's going to have a huge influence on the saving of the world .	0
Seriously , how did the Master become Voldemort and start jumping over buildings and shooting lightning from his arms ?	0
I totally thought the Naismiths were going to be a couple , too.I agree , the Doctor and Wilf scenes helped a lot .	0
So did the Master in the pink dress.Some of the theories people are coming up with are crazy out there , i.e .	0
Wilf being a fobwatch 'd Time Lord and/or an older version of the Master .	0
I know .	0
I was like , `` Whoa Star Wars force lightening '' .	0
The pink dress was epic.WTF ?	0
RTD has some serious explaining to do because part one was one big clusterfuck of story lines .	0
Yeah , I do n't know .	0
If you look at the comments on the ONTD posts , people are throwing all sorts of stuff out there , like Romana coming back .	0
Though according to Wikipedia , she 's not Romana , she 's the Doctor 's mother ?	0
idk there was also someone who thought that one of the people with their faces covered in the hall of Time Lords was Captain Jack , but the hair does n't look right .	0
The best I can come up with is that the Time Lords are trying to unlock the Time War and are manipulating the Master and the green people to repair Gallifrey .	0
I spent the better part of last night reading some of the theories on EoT but it ended up just irritating me .	0
I 'm feeling sort of ambivalent about part 2 because part of me just wants to figure out what the hell is going on but the other part does n't want the regeneration to happen and knows that I most likely wo n't be satisfied with some of the explanations RTD has to offer .	0
I agree with all of that .	0
Everything points toward Ten having a pretty violent end , and RTD episodes are never as good as you want them to be , with the exception of Midnight .	0
I mean , I know The Master is a Master person , but there were only four people , and both green people would be five , so ...	0
I do n't really know .	0
Seriously , the next episode needs a kiss .	0
Nice way to send Tennant off , haha.If Wilf dies , I will be inconsolable .	0
I do n't think Wilf will die ... There 'd be public outrage .	1
My mother reckons Wilf 's going to have to kill Ten to save Donna or something , 'cause of the whole 'you 've never killed a man ' thing that TV woman said .	0
Hm , that 's interesting .	0
It definitely sounded like he will have a hand in killing someone/thing , at least .	0
Obviously the box thing helped protect Wilf from turning into the Master , but surely there must be something else , considering that the TV was talking to him .	1
Yeah , he 's definitely got a bigger part to play in this .	1
He 'll probably end up saving the world ; it seems to run in their family .	0
Even though the next episode promises to be even more ridiculous , I 'm still excited .	0
It 'll be interesting to see how Donna 's memories are preserved.Also , Jack is going to be messed up after Children Of Earth .	0
Yeah , despite the fact The Sound of Drums/Last of the Time Lords was an all-round good two-parter , I do n't think Rusty can pull that off again .	0
Next week 's is probably going to be a disaster .	1
Oh yeah ... Wonder what they 're going to do with Jack .	0
Wonder if he 's turned into a Master clone too.Did you notice btw that Wilf 's bus was called Sparrow Lane and he mentioned the name Sally on the bus ?	0
Thought that was too big a coincidence .	0
Yay !	0
We brought some things back from Maia 's house.Namely , the GameCube and her stereo ... Now we have a 'lil bitty TV atop a television stand , speakers on either side of the TV , a Sega Genesis , a PS One , a GameCube , corresponding games and controllers , CD 's and DVD 's , and the receiver .	0
It 's full ! Next , I steal the N64 back from Lin ( and find a way to fit it in with the other systems ) .	0
I 'm sure she wo n't mind , now that she has a PS3 ... . oh , and maybe a larger TV ... with more inputs ... and a DVD player ?	0
audio input is hooked up for the sound system ( meaning anything can connect to projector now ) if you ever drop by sometime	0
How much longer do you have until they kick you out of Nike ?	0
I have to move on Wednesday but I should have everything set up in towers by wed evening.And with no residents , it means no quiet limits : P	0
Awesome !	0
If you 're looking for a cheap bigger t.v. , there is the pawn shop right next to Big Lots on Colonial ( sorta near the corner of Alafaya and Colonial heading towards Wal*Mart Super ) that sells t.v . 's .	0
I got my 19/20 inch for $ 40 , the guy said he 'd add a universal remote for $ 5 ( mind you this was freshman year ... but I doubt things have changed that much , you can pick up a universal remote for the same price at Wal*Mart or Target ) .	0
So it 's not bad at all .	1
Just in case money is an issue and all .	0
Thanks for the tip !	0
So I guess I did n't stretch enough or probably moved wrong at the gym ... I hurt my lower back .	1
I 'm still mobile but now when I try to get up after sitting to long or try to bend over I look like I 'm 90 ... .. hey sunny can ya pass me my cain ? ouch** and yes I 'm at work too.ME+ pain = img	0
auuuuu ... .sorry to hear that : /// hope you fell better soon dear !	0
! and that animation is just so funny ; ) )	0
hehe yeah I 'll be ok just need to stretch it out.hehe thought you 'd like that .	0
sounds like a pinched nerve .	0
sit on the floor and pull your knees to your chest .	0
then kneel down and repeat pulling.. i guess chest to knees .	0
then have someone rub your back .	0
should release it .	0
Yeha could be .	0
I 've been doing then stand up and bend over thing and helps but if I sit to long and try to get up I 'm all bent over.I can still walk and go up flights of stairs but the bending over..oouh	0
Owie !	0
I hope you feel better soon !	0
yeah just a little stiff ... .	0
Make the husband give you a massage when you get home !	0
I 've been like that since before Christmas and all I did was coughed .	0
I was off work for 2 weeks after a hernia op then a few days after going back I was like an old man .	0
they were really worried thinking I 'd done something to the hernia , now they 've got used to it and do n't notice me hobbling around .	0
Your still walking like that ? by the way that pigeon is disturbing ... . : -O	0
I 'm not as bad as I was when I first did it but just when I think its getting better it gets worse again .	0
If you think the pigeon is disturbing I wo n't show you duck dastardly ; )	0
There is so much housework to do I just want to cry .	1
Good thing there 's a computer to procrastinate with .	0
I would n't let *you* see my bathroom right now , let alone Mom , God forbid , lol !	1
OMG it 's SO BAD .	0
We *did* win a free carpet cleaning for halloween from the apartment complex , so that was VERY handy , what with the technicolour dog vomit stains all over , lol .	0
And the kitchen really is n't bad right now .	0
The closet is a disaster , and all of our clean clothes are piled up in the garage on top of Alaric 's project car , while the closet is full of empty doll and action figure boxes .	0
Sigh.Anyway , how 's you ? ? ?	0
Miss you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	0
How 's mum ?	0
How 's the kids ?	0
How 's the husband ?	0
How 's all the boys ?	0
How 's the city ? I wish you could come visit and play Monopoly right now .	0
Sigh .	0
*hugshugs*Beth	0
Heeeeeeeeeeeeeeey Girlie ! !	0
! Mom is starting to settle in a little bit to the assisted living apartment we ( I ) found her here in Cowtown .	0
Mucho improvement on the memory , but I think that 's better expressed in a phone call ( I 'll ring you soon , I hope ) .Still need to get rehab and physio set up - lots of red tape in the way.All the rest of us are same old , same old , trudging along .	0
Man , the last two months just flew .	0
I really wanted to call you on your birthday - mebbe I 'll get it right one of these years ( we are both so friggin ' old ! ! ! ! !	0
) I think I 'm going to guilt them boys into giving me some flyer points so I can go to a tournament in Dallas in March .	0
With a side trip , methinks , if there is anyone down around them there parts who feels like playing some Monopoly.Miss you too ! ! !	0
Big Squishy Hugs ! !	0
! ps I really want to meet your hub and furry babes !	0
Hehe , You need to come down here !	0
March is really nice in Texas , it 's before it gets too too hot , but it 's still nice out .	0
: ) The fuzzy babies say hi , hehe .	0
Still working the flight-points angle .	0
Will let you know.Crap , I have to get a passport , too .	0
pI have n't jumped in on a meme of this type in a while , so why not .	0
pIf you leave a comment I 'll : ollitell you why I friended you/li liassociate you with something - a song , a colour , a photo , etc./li litell you something I like about you/li litell you a memory I have of you/li liask something I 've always wanted to know about you/li litell you my favorite user pic of yours/li liin return , you must post this in your LJ .	0
( I do n't really care if you do or not , I 'll still answer you ) /li/ol pComments are screened , so answers to my question are private .	0
Woof !	0
Werf	0
olliIRCs/li liplaid boxers/li liyou do some casual RP/li liWe chatted on MSN or Skype maybe :3/li lihow are things with your living situation ? /li liI do n't remember how to post icons , but it 's the sleepy foxes one./li lidone/li/olspan class='ljedittime'emEdited at 2008-05-07 10:21 pm UTC/em/span	0
Ahoy !	0
olliNeighbors/lilihot sauce/lilihot sauce/liliYou showed me all your hand-painted warhammer bits/liliWhat are you doing , now ? /liliThe usual .	0
Wings , y'know/liliNot obligated , but I have n't seen it if you 've done it./li/olspan class='ljedittime'emEdited at 2008-05-07 10:20 pm UTC/em/span	0
You 're the only person so far I have responded to for this .	0
I wanted to read something you posted .	0
Why do you insist on being mean ? /liliidk , never really looked .	1
Doubt you will , but that 's ok .	0
i seem to have successfully extracted myself from academia , for the time being -- somehow managed to graduate last sunday -- and have landed in the most mahvelous summer job at the tar pitsas the assistant excavatorand .	0
it 's like summer camp , only better , because i get PAID to learn anatomy and hang out with the loveliest people and i HURT everywhere my last day at the vile law firm was tuesdayfirst day at the museum on wednesday and five days straight excavating since then .	1
i hurt EVery where my back , my right arm , my left palm , my abdominal muscles , my feet -- which is bizarrebecause i spend most of my day lying on my stomach , leaning over a3 x 3 foot grid of asphalt picking at dead animals and i am just so thrilled to be in so much painit 's greatand i do n't have a paper to write ! my god ! i read book six of the harry potter series on monday , and i 'm starting on 'bleak house ' tomorrowi can read for fun ! and i wake up and do n't fear work.today , we pulled out a sloth claw -- the second terminal phalanx of a giant ground sloth -- and it is beautiful and WEIRD and goodness i love sloths . LOVE sloths ... .	1
thats funny , cause im inches away from getting a sloth tattoo .	0
cause they have always been my favorite animal , and whatnot .	0
congrats , and how you be ?	0
Oh , but excavation hurt is the best kind !	0
Congrats on graduating .	0
avast !	0
It be talk like a pirate day !	0
Hope yer seas have been smooth sailin !	0
Godspeed !	0
I had to put Sadie down this morning .	1
She had pancreatic cancer , and she was wasting away .	0
I 'll go into the full story later , but I just wanted to let all of you know.She came into my life exactly when I needed her , and she needed me .	0
I rescued her , but she saved me .	0
This was my last gift to her , and I miss her already .	0
The last couple years were a good time for her , and for you .	0
I 'll see you soon , and there will be hugs .	0
I am so , so , sorry , my dear .	0
Believe me , I know all too well what you 're going through.Be well .	0
Take your time grieving .	0
It took me a year and a half after Cassia passed away before I could assist in a euthanasia without totally losing it , so believe me when I say : take your time grieving .	0
Oh Liz , that 's terrible .	0
I 'm so , so sorry to hear that .	0
I 'm sending love and hugs .	0
She knows you did it because you care .	0
Be safe in that knowledge .	0
( Hugs and Kisses from Afar ) You and Sadie were lucky to have each other .	0
You 'll always share those memories .	0
My condolences on your loss .	0
Take good care of yourself .	0
oh no !	0
i 'm so sorry !	0
i loved reading all your sadie stories , they will be missed*superhugs*	0
Oh Beth .	0
I 'm so sorry .	0
She was lucky to have you , and you her .	0
Condolences .	0
I 'm glad you had each other while you did xxxx	0
I 'm so sorry , Beth .	0
I ca n't imagine what she must have meant to you .	0
Pardon my comment up there.This totally sucks , and I offer you my animated .gif services if you 'd like to send me a collection of photos of her for a montage .	0
Infinate hugs your way dear .	0
Oh sweetie .	0
I 'm so sorry for your loss .	0
It was probably for the best , though I know it does n't make it hurt any less .	0
Thinking positive and healing thoughts in your direction .	0
D : I 'm so , so sorry , Beth .	0
Sadie was a fantastic cat and slept in my shoes while I was visiting : border= '' 5px '' Much love across the Pacific .	0
andhearts ;	0
Well , at least we know HOW she got the cancer now.No ?	0
Not funny ?	0
I 'm so sorry , sweetie .	0
Just so , so sorry .	0
You did the right thing .	0
*HUGS* But I 'm sorry .	0
I hope you 're doing okay .	0
Oh , I 'm so sorry .	0
That 's an impossibly difficult decision to make , but you clearly knew when it was time .	0
I hope you can take comfort that she 's not in pain now , but that 's hard to do .	0
Much love sent your way .	0
Bethers , ima so sorry to hear the news .	0
as much of a diva as she could be , she was even more loved because of it : /lurve !	0
Oh , Liz , I 'm so sorry .	0
It 's good that she 's not hurting anymore , but I 'm sure that was such a tough call to make .	0
I hope you 're doing okay , let me know if I can help at all.I love you .	0
What do you think of iBeside Ourselves/i as a title ?	0
Does n't it sound totally like a sequel to a book called iAmong Others/i ? Words : 646Total words : 4094Files : 2Tea : Yong Xi ( Thanks Mary Kay !	0
) Music : No music , not sure why , just did n't feel likeRSI : How about some nice exercises ?	0
Just because your hands feel fine now is no guarantee they 'll feel fine later.Reason for stopping : Next bit is longI 've been doing research and need to do more , but I have a good feel for where I 'm going and what shape it 's going to be .	0
Yes , it does totally sound exactly like a sequel to a book called iAmong Others/i .	0
Good choice .	0
That 's a great title on its own , and it does pair perfectly with iAmong Others/i , too.P .	0
*nods*	0
Nothing new here -- it 's great !	0
Yes , it totally sounds like a good sequel title .	0
I like it !	0
The Library of Congress catalog shows only two other books of that title , one nonfiction , one poetry , neither famous as far as I know .	0
Does n't seem likely that there would be any confusion .	1
Excellent title , and perfect pair !	0
I really like it that both of them are phrases that one slips into sentences , modestly clad in a pair of commas .	0
I like this one too .	0
I like this one better .	0
I know I missed something here , but what does THud mean ? Yes , good title !	0
I like it as a title !	0
I look forward to reading it .	0
Thud means it 's just a boring wordcount post.I wanted something that sounded dull ...	0
Also makes me think of doppelgangers !	0
This .	0
That sounds like a good title idea .	1
It 's good on its own , and it definitely pairs strongly with citeAmong Others/cite .	0
I like it too.Only ion is that the pair of them sound like early-70s SF .	0
Maybe Simak or Laumer .	0
This is not a serious ion .	0
I 'd be thrilled to be writing anything that can be compared to Simak .	0
Even four words !	0
iDoes n't it sound totally like a sequel to a book called Among Others ? /iIt totally does .	0
Made me think of it before I 'd even read anything else in the post .	0
Yes it does !	0
Day One and WTF a http : /ijoskobi.livejournal.com/465522.html '' here.a name= '' cutid1 '' 8:48AM - Awards 9:09AM - Todd is not - 10:09AM - Creative 10:10AM - Matt , King of the 12:17PM - Roast beef for 7:18PM - The APT ladiesa name='cutid1-end '	0
I think I shot that dude in L4D	0
man , my pictures totally suck	1
They did not !	0
yea they did..the color and composition were ass	0
Me : [ Ranting about the racist critiques of Sonia Sotomayor ] You know what ?	0
Even if she DID get into Princeton because of Affirmative Action , it did exactly what it was supposed to do !	1
She was given an opportunity to succeed , and she did !	0
She graduated fucking Summa Cum Laude !	0
Affirmative Action does n't give you good grades ! Kandarpa : Right !	0
You get good grades by being slutty !	0
What fucking ikills/i me about this direction of criticism : iEven if she DID get into Princeton because of Affirmative Action , it did exactly what it was supposed to do !	0
She was given an opportunity to succeed , and she did ! /iIs that the same ire and frustration and outrage over `` UNFAIR ADVANTAGE '' re : Affirmative Action is hardly ever expressed or articulated when the children of rich , white donors seem to have little problem getting into the school of their choice .	0
Or the children of alumni , or famous people .	0
Where 's the anger then ?	0
How are these people not living in a constant state of outrage at something that goes on all the time for everyone else ?	1
So yeah , their outrage over `` fairness '' is highly suspect when the only thing it seems to track consistently on is the person on the receiving end .	0
/rants in your journal because she 's biting her cheek hard down at work .	0
I 'm on exactly the same page .	0
( Both regarding your beliefs , and having to bite your tongue at work !	0
Good times ! )	0
NICE	0
And accurate !	0
Kamran also used one of these two things to get into Princeton .	0
That and a hell of a lot of his parents ' money .	0
You decide which thing .	0
I have , and I enjoy thinking about it with great frequency .	0
I do n't know how else to say it - we lost the baby Saturday morning .	0
I did n't post sooner because I did n't want friends enjoying Anime Detour to have to deal with it .	0
I 'm sorry this offends people.The title sums it up - I really do n't have any words , but the words of others .	0
My deepest condolences my dear friend .	0
This is awful news .	0
My thoughts are with you and your family .	1
You 're right .	0
There are no words .	0
And yet I wish I had enough of them right now .	0
We 're both thinking of you , never doubt that .	0
I 'm very sorry for your loss .	0
Hang in there .	0
Sorry man .	0
I 'm so sorry .	0
I 'll be praying for both of you .	0
I 'm sorry , that 's horrible .	1
My best wishes to both of you .	0
I wish you were closer .	0
My love to you both .	0
What heartbreaking news ... I 'm so sorry .	1
I 'm so sorry .	0
I 'm so sorry .	0
Oh god ...	0
I ca n't imagine what you must be going through right now .	0
If there 's anything we can do , do n't hesitate .	0
Has anyone else had an invitation to the Gollancz Quiz Night tonight ?	0
No , we do n't invites to Gollancz dos any more .	0
no , am out of fashion and never get invites to ianything/i .	1
Me too out of fashion .	0
Me neither .	0
last night instead of doing a major project for the end of the year , i read joke ljs by batman villains and patrick bateman .	0
lol i have addictive personality but if i 'm trying to quit a couple of bad habits , new ones formmmm .	0
Tsk tsk .	0
iFormer/i Batman villain here .	0
Yeah for the most part , but I 'm sure taking whatever crank makes isnt entirely legal either .	0
As far as my knowledge goes , whatever Crank makes is n't illegal .	0
I was going to say fear gas is probably illegal , but i 'm assuming LA hasnt gotten the memo yet to pass that law .	0
It 's uh , it 's nice to get.. a mention .	0
meet any nice hardbodies lately ?	0
You , uh , obviously have n't been following my journal.. No , I have not .	1
Not ijust/i villains , I 'd wager .	0
Or maybe just hope .	0
Well , you have had some rather um iambiguous/i relationships with people of suspicious character .	0
But how could I not watch the T-Bird ?	0
Best Robin afterall .	0
How 's the rooming with Creepy going ?	0
Hey , my LJ is the one thing in my life that is n't a joke ! No , that 's not true at all ... .HI !	0
Hello Doctor !	0
How are you ?	0
Juuust peachy , babycakes .	0
How are YOU ?	0
I 'm not entirely sure how it happened , but I somehow ended up with a boyfriend ... the most fantastic boyfriend in the entire world , to be precise !	1
He 's everything I want in a boy ( conveniently meets almost all of my previously listed boyfriend prerequisites ) and a whole whack of things I did n't know I wanted .	0
Antony 's pretty , makes me laugh , and listens to better music than I do .	0
I 'm really happy ... although I 'm still in denial that this all happened ... it 's too Hollywood , stuff like this does n't happen in real life !	1
Cross your fingers that it is n't all a dream !	0
Haha .	0
is it airport boy ?	0
or is it me and youre just calling me something new these days ?	0
or is it a cat ?	0
Hahah ... the last thing I need is another cat .	0
( It 's the airport boy )	0
that 's completely bad ass , but you need to post picsso we can all comment on how hot he is .	1
woooooo ! it 's so so romantic : o )	0
I 'd like to clarify .	0
So so as in REALLY romantic , not so-so as in mildly .	0
well congratulations !	0
i 'm glad i did n't do something pervy and ask for naked pictures in my christmas card now , cuz that would have been *totally* inappropriate if you 're involved .	1
border= '' 1 '' title= '' '' a target= '' _blank '' ... Dead Horse beats you !	0
Please to be checking all drinks with a handheld geiger counter before imbibing .	0
Adult content for the win !	0
Why is it that nobody is ever interested in you when you 're single ... then once you start dating someone , everyone wants to fuck you ?	0
I really do n't get it .	0
If you 're looking for an honest answer , then I think it has to do with the confidence that being in a relationship brings .	1
That confidence is attractive to other people .	0
I definitely have had that same experience though .	0
I 've gone for like 2 years without even a spare though from someone , but then , as soon as I start dating someone , they all come out of the woodwork.Now that I 'm married , everyone always wants to fuck me .	0
It 's kind of weird .	0
I agree with Blake !	0
As soon as Im not looking , shazam !	0
Its totally the confidence .	0
But alas ... .everyone has always wanted to fuck you Mira haha You should know that ! !	0
Not sure why I didnt try when I visited you haha	0
I KNOWWWW	0
Pheromones .	0
You mean you were n't always beating boys off with a stick ?	0
*gasp !	0
pWoah -	0
Sell sell sell .	1
Panic !	0
is n't all that great and will soon disappear from view , you could use the money for something way better .	0
That 's just my opinion .	0
p.s .	0
please send ti my undying love seeing as she does n't seem to return it any longer !	0
but what about the Hush Sound and the Dresden Dolls ? plus , the Hush Sound is sooo cute !	0
Seeelll them .	0
What do you get when you combine one turnip , two large leeks , four stalks of celery , one onion , three cups of diced potatoes , and two chopped carrots , a little olive oil , one can of fat free chicken stock , one can of vegetable stock and two cups of water ? The best French Potato Soup in the world .	1
I do n't know what makes it French ... but it is delicious ! !	0
! Recipe to come after lunch.Oh ... and an added extra ... save all the scrapes and boil them down the next day for veggie stock .	0
The Tabernacle smelled heavenly .	0
sounds delicious	0
That idoes/i sound tasty .	0
That sounds good .	0
Hi , friends !	0
I just wanted to say I 'm not dead .	0
Also , I 'm going to Spain today , so do n't be alarmed when the crops and cattle start dying ; iIt 's just America missing me./iFear not , little nuggets !	0
I 'll be back , and then I 'll have all kinds of exciting stuff to talk about that I have n't had a chance to share yet , what with the travelling and my mom playing Hospital Roulette .	0
More on that when I return.Until then , free hugs for all , and have a happy Kwanzaanukkahmas .	0
The verbal vomit was much appreciated .	0
Take care of you .	0
Have fun Spaining it up , Stinker !	0
I 'm gon na , Dirtbreath ! Spackle your openings in anticipation of my return .	0
I hope you have a good time in Spainlandia and that your mammy is well.xoxo	0
Okay , I was not going to get you a present because I am having trouble finding things in my immediate vicinity , much less my extra-immediate vicinity .	0
BUT I found the most SPECTACULAR THING and it is WEEPING to be owned by you .	0
I am going to squirrel it away until you are not on the continent , at which point you are obligated to direct me where to direct it , because seriously , Vince .	0
For serious .	0
For PEOPLE in my immediate vicinity .	0
Stuff .	0
Words .	0
come to england .	1
christmas was totally invented here .	0
we have better santas and mince pies than anywhere else ... except perhaps germany , norway and the rest of europe.hey vince let 's go to berlin .	0
happy spain day , spainizoid .	0
Spain is for monsters .	0
In this a piece , Annie Proulx opines on her Oscar-night loss .	0
Really -- take a few minutes to read it .	0
Wow .	0
That was really obnoxious !	0
I thoroughly enjoyed it , less for the whinging and more for the astute observations of Hollywood culture .	0
I do n't know ... I do n't feel like it 's so astute to point out that the Oscars are kind of pompous and out of touch .	1
Plus criticisms like that , coming from someone who lost , just come off as petty .	0
Add the excessive bitterness , and I do n't think she really accomplished more than making herself look like an ass .	0
I totally do think Brokeback should have won !	0
While I do n't at all agree with the seal hunt , I give huge props to this : blockquotebSenator fires back at U.S. family upset with seal hunt/bA Liberal senator has replied to a family in Minnesota upset about Canada 's seal hunt with a letter denouncing the United States for executing prisoners at home and killing people in Iraq .	0
The McLellan family had written to Canadian senators to say they cancelled a vacation in Canada because of the hunt , which they called `` horrible '' and `` inhumane , '' Montreal 's La Presse reports .	0
In her response , Senator Cline Hervieux-Payette said that what she finds horrible is `` the daily massacre of innocent people in Iraq , the execution of prisoners  mainly blacks  in American prisons , the massive sale of handguns to Americans , the destabilization of the entire world by the American government 's aggressive foreign policy , etc . ''	0
She said Americans are not in a position to criticize others .	0
`` They must start to look at their own behaviour , the permanent heightening of the planet 's insecurity since the election of Bush , '' she told La Presse .	0
`` All senators received the letter from the McLellans and I was the only one to respond , '' she said./blockquotea article .	0
That is so awesome .	0
I hope it was CC 'd to Paul and Linda .	0
You can count on it .	0
I do n't want to get argumentative on LJ , but why do n't you agree with the seal hunt ?	0
Do you agree with hunting deer ?	0
Culling cat and dog populations by neutering ?	0
The unfortunate truth is that we 've killed off many of the predators that kept seal populations in check ( like we did with deer and moose , etc ) .	0
In this case , polar bears , which used to be numerous in Newfoundland and Labrador , and NWT kept the seals down , but since they 're on the extinction list ... they have n't been doing alot lately .	0
The number of seals has actually doubled since the 70s ... and do you know how much they eat ?	0
They would populate themselves into famine if left unchecked .	0
I used to be against it , until I had to study the fisheries and now I get that though many animals are cute , and these are the ones I do n't like seeing killed ( seals , deers , rabbits , kangaroos ) that sometimes it is necessary .	1
I also do n't have any jobs to give to those 15000 Inuit , native , and traditional hunters who earn a living from this enterprise ... I 'm sorry to go off on you - I 'm just so angry at Americans for writing , and for Paul McCartney 's photo op in PEI .	0
I 'm off the soap box , unless there 's a rebuttal ?	0
No , no rebuttal here .	0
The truth is that I disagree with the seal hunt in principle , in the same way that I disagree with game hunting .	1
But I can also see that this is a situation that us humans have created with overfishing and the like .	0
So really , there is no right answer .	0
Also , I 've heard arguments on both sides of the seal hunt , without really having any hard data that 's impartial.It just really yanks my chain that some stupid americans would be so self-righteous to think that we would give a shit about their petty protest , even though they have contributed more to destabilize the planet than any other human act .	0
Do n't get me wrong Chris , I could n't kill anything - I think .	0
But I still enjoy a Big Mac ... as for the Americans , I 'm getting pretty ticked off with them lately.They 've got pictures circulating of people from Abu Ghraib , covered in what appears to be shit and blood , being beat , hung upside down , raped and worse - though I shudder to think of what could be worse than what I 've seen so far .	1
AND THEY dare to say they are n't going to holiday here because seals are being killed ! !	0
There is also a group rallying against our practices with sheep ! ! !	0
( Sheep have a flap of 'foreskin ' type thing that hangs off their butts and gets painfully infected by parasites and leads to their death - so sheep herders in the maritimes have been and other peoples have been cutting that skin off for THOUSANDS OF YEARS - but now they 're writting letters to us demanding we ban it.FUCK OFF - you know ?	1
Why do n't you stop torturing people ?	0
Dropping more bombs in Iraq this week than any other time since 2003 ?	0
I am so mad about Americans this week , I could vomit with it .	0
Poem `` Eleison '' will appear in the January ( or possibly February ) issue of a is especially gratifying because while I 've always liked the piece , it 's weird and inaccessible , and I figured I 'd probably never find a home for it -- goes to show that if someone 's willing to publish something like that , there 's hope still for all my esoterica .	1
And see -- that 's one of the joys of submitting !	0
When a complete stranger finds value in some oddball poem you thought only you would love !	0
I knew decomP would love you too !	0
Kudos !	0
Yes , exactly -- as soon as I saw that was the one they 'd accepted , I immediately thought about your lj entry about the giraffe rape poems .	0
Congratulations !	0
Could n't have happened to a nicer chap !	0
Thank you , Mr. Husky .	0
`` Your '' poem 's in a submission right now that I should be hearing back about in another week or so ... .	0
Congrats !	0
Wooooo !	0
I need to sell some of my managa as I have moved in with my boyfriend and we own some of the same stuff .	0
I 'll ship anywhere in the world.Naruto 1-11 : 2 each OR all for 18Black Cat 1-2 : 3 each OR both for 5Bleach 1-4 : 3 each OR all for 10Battle Vixens 1-10 : 3 each OR 27Excel Saga 1 : 3Dragonball Z 1 : 2PandP prices depend on how many manga you buy from me due to the weight.My email is mewski @ gmail.com or comment here if interested.UK payment : accept cheque or paypal ( preferred ) .Other countries : Paypal only .	0
The whole lot of Naruto and Battle Vixens tempts me so ... ... , or given my needing to not overspend , perhaps just the Naruto manga .	0
Can you give me a quote on the postage for all eleven Naruto manga you are selling ? Thanks muchly .	0
I 'll give them a weigh and see what Royal Mail says .	0
Will reply when I can find something to weigh them with ^^ ; Kinda got a party on tonight .	0
Okies thanks .	0
4 .	0
There 's a bit more space in the box actually but if you are certain you just want Naruto then I 'll just put more bubblewrap in there to keep them all safe : ) My Paypal is mewski @ gmail.com or you can send a cheque .	0
Considering recent events in my life , I think I 'll buy Battle Vixens and DBZ as well .	1
^_^ Will it all fit in one box , and is there any discount for buying bulk ? ... ... ... .Actually , would you sell the whole lot of them of them , PandP included , for 65 , grand total ?	0
All the manga you are selling plus PandP ... ..65 ... . ? If that sounds agreable to you , I 'll buy the lot of it .	0
Sounds totally fair : ) Paypal mewski @ gmail.com or if you rather pay by cheque tell me your email and I 'll send you my address .	0
Excellent .	0
: D I 'm in no hurry for them , so if I paid you by cheque you 'd get more money since paypal take a cut of each transaction , right ?	0
By cheque you 'd get 100 % of the money , so better that way for you really.My email is mutsumi @ hotmail.co.uk You had this addy on your hotmail a year ago , but I 've not seen you online since that time we fell out of good terms over ALcon .	0
Since neither of us go on AL anymore , would you be interested in talking again ?	0
I prefered it when we were good friends .	0
Pwease ?	0
Just a lil ' reminder that I have moved 90 % of my used-to-be-journal activities to Facebook !	0
Find me as Red Tango and add me as a friend .	0
I will be relegating this journal strictly to RedTango oriented promotional announcements and maybe some artwork for the foreseeable future .	1
I just ca n't keep up with updating in more than one place , and at the moment I 've found Facebook to be a better format for my personal ramblings/mocking of various things and interactivity with readers .	0
Hey , these things happen !	0
Hey there how about adding a link to your Facebook page for all of us .	0
Any Facebook page can be accessed by typing in the person 's name after facebook such as : facebook.com/redtangoor just go to facebook.com and add me as a friend .	0
The name is Red Tango.You will have to sign up to join Facebook yourself , it 's not public like this journal is .	0
Hope that helps !	0
i cant seem to find you on face book ? ?	0
I 'm there , under Red Tango .	0
Two words .	0
I like to think of myself as a very open minded person .	0
I have a lot of friends who have all sorts of political and sociological beliefs .	0
I was semi appalled at some of the whole 'buy into my philosophy or get out of my life ' crap that was going on during the election cycle.But if you think Leno is funnier then Conan , Letterman , Ferguson , or even Kimmel you can just get the fuck off my friends list right now .	1
Sorry , some lines have to be drawn in the sand.Also feel free to tell future generations that network television started to die the day they gave Leno a prime time talk show .	0
I know none of these people - I 'll stick with Eddie Izzard , Stephen Fry and Billy Connelly thanks : )	0
Yeah ...	0
I 'm going to have to back Doris up on Stephen Fry .	0
He knows all !	0
andgt ; __andgt ;	0
Nice Eva icon .	0
Why , thank you !	0
I have a couple ... . : )	0
I dislike Conan and Leno , and I maintain Kimmel is nothing without Corrola .	0
Ferguson has the potential to be funny ( ala his appearance on Real Time ) , but I have n't watched his show yet .	1
Ah , opinion .	0
I still think Stern is funnier than them all .	1
They all steal some of his bits sooner or later anyway .	0
ferguson rocks.kimmel gives the best interview.conan is hit or miss but damn funny when he hits.dave is just weird and lecherous and unpleasant .	0
was n't always .	0
is currently .	0
I LOVE CONAN THE MOST .	0
NBC suicided when they canceled Friends and Will and Grace in the same year .	0
Agreed one thousand percent .	0
Bill Hicks was right about Leno then , and he 's right now .	0
He does n't so much make jokes as he indicates the spot where a joke should go .	0
I 'll take Conan , you can keep the rest.Especially Kimmel .	0
the only thing funny about leno is his face .	0
I was going to say his hair ...	0
the two combined are lethal .	0
KEITH andlt ; 3	0
Graduation is tomorrow , finally .	0
With some small ( albeit notable ) exceptions , senior year at Poly has been the pits.img alt= /This sign I put up was pretty good though ! Who wants to go camping in Two Harbors at Catalina Island ?	0
I wanted to go camping at catalina last summer , but it never worked out .	0
I 'd love to go , but alas , it takes time to get time off work , and I 'm already taking two weeks off in july for the minus radio tour .	0
hey , you gon na make it to our show the 25th ?	0
its going to be oodles of fun .	0
I did n't know about it until now , I was bummed out about not being at the last Acres of Books one so I 'll definitely try to be there .	1
Thanks for letting me know .	0
your party ?	0
friday night !	0
the sign !	0
that was truely one of the highlights of this year.although we did n't hangout much past this summer albert , i 'm going to miss your presence at school next year - it wo n't be the same .	1
truely .	0
catalina= yes .	0
but i 'll get a hotel and then meet yah on the beach , hahahoho .	0
Christmas , everyone !	0
This is another card design .	0
I love Mucha and wanted to try doing something inspired by his art .	0
Here it is.I hope everyone 's having a wonderful holiday season .	0
We all celebrate it differently .	0
I 'm particularly poor this year , so I made cards and sent them out to as many people as I could manage .	0
We also did a little baking !	0
It 's been really fun .	0
I feel lucky to have so many good people in my life .	0
That 's what I think about at Christmas time : ) Anyway , have a good time where ever you are !	0
I 'll see you in the NEW YEAR !	0
I have a lot to share with the readers of this here journal once I am in possession of a scanner again./	0
I was going to say that you are the Card Master , but that sounds like maybe a late-90s anime ? You can still be card master , the title is apparently still available !	0
Thanks !	0
I do n't mind anime , as long as it 's vintage ha ha ha !	0
Happy Christmas !	0
Please inform me about your coming to Tokyo on 29th .	0
Sorry , I think you have the wrong person .	0
I 'm going to be in Halifax Canada on the 29th .	0
That image is amazing !	0
Truly , utterly amazing .	0
I LOVE it !	0
Thanks , friend !	0
Beautiful !	0
You made so many beautiful cards this year .	0
That makes this just about the best Christmas ever .	1
Thanks , lovely !	0
Happy hap-hop-py , Christmas !	0
it 's GLORIOUS and so detailed ! ! !	0
I got my card ! !	0
Thank you Jordyn you are the BESSSSSSTTTTTTT ! !	1
Yay !	0
That makes me so happy !	0
boch !	0
This is so gorgeous !	0
I love the leaves , the cardinal , and her hair the best .	0
Hope you and Tim have a very very happy christmas ( and christmas eve ) in lovely Halifax !	0
I am excited to get the card !	0
Thanks , darling !	0
I hope you have a wonderful one as well !	0
Ohmigosh so pretty ! !	0
Thanks !	0
It 's a beautiful card , you did a fantastic job this year , baby .	0
Meowph !	0
Holy , you are on FIRE with the seasonal illustrations !	1
The holly details are pure awesomeness , rich pattern designs all over too .	0
And as always , your impeccable sense of colour .	0
My heart is suitable warmed.Merry Christmas !	0
Thanks , man !	0
Here 's to a roaring hurricane inferno of ART in 2010 !	0
Yay !	0
I 'm a manager at American Apparel NowThey are finally opening one here , It should be open in about a week but the way things are going it might be a bit delayed .	1
I 'm going to feel bad giving my 2 weeks notice at Banana Republic But Hey I 'm going to get paid more and a better position .	0
Everyone seems pretty cool so far .	0
We will see ... .	0
Where is the store going to be ?	0
north star mall , but there is also going to be on at la cantera later on ... /	0
that 's awesome lady !	0
how weird , i met a guy named nick this past weekend and he 's up here opening the aa store at northstar .	0
i wonder if you met him ! sorry i missed the last couple shows you told me about .	0
i 'd like to go to the next one though !	0
yeah i did meet him.. weirdoh it 's ok , I 'll let you know when the next show isif you need a job you should apply , everyone there seems pretty cool .	1
wow !	0
congrats ! my ex used to be a manager there ! sounds like ill be seeing you sporting a lot more AA !	0
dont forget about hooking us up !	0
haha .	0
Here.. in the sunny Virginia beach..	0
So much nice warmth..	0
I think my skin is actually tanning abit.. gasp I redyed my hair , it is this nice dark red..	0
Very dark red .	0
It could be almost close to black .	0
But nice .	0
Um lets see.. darien is doing better at school.. without nathan around .	0
Me and Patrick are doing well , it is nice and calm .	0
Though , it seems like..	1
I might actually have more of a navy wife thing going on then I ever did with nathan .	0
I know most of the other wives , sees the other kids.. cook dinner for alot of them .	0
It feels good finally to be loved and there not be something else going on .	0
I would kill for him..	0
I would do almost anything he asks..	0
I think he knows this .	0
He makes me smile in the morning. , over a cup of coffe.. and talks in the evenings without anyone else around , a comforting show and a conversation about the future..	0
I have so much happiness with him .	0
I find it difficult not to be happy with him .	0
where do i send mail too	0
hey !	0
good to hear that you are doing so well and are happy now !	0
good to hear darien is doing good in school too :3 i have been okay i guess .	0
im about 10 weeks pregnant right now ... .i took this extremely hard at first but i think im excepting it now .	0
it sounds really bad but it just couldnt have been worse timing .	0
oh well .	0
hope to talk to ya soon !	0
Congratulations .	0
Been awhile .	0
My number is 208-371-7323 if ya wan na talk .	0
^^ : :hugs and kisses : :	0
Some dude created what is likely the most difficult custom levels for the original Super Mario Bros .	0
Some other dude has made a video of his attempt at playing through them , complete with a running commentary .	0
Everyone needs to see this .	1
It 's 25 min long , but you should watch it to the end .	0
It is one of the most magical videos ever created : at once inspiring , frustrating and demented .	0
The slow spiral of this man 's sanity down into a mental abyss of his own perpetuation eventually turns the experience simultaneously existential and Zen , heroic and tragic -- nihilistic , yet delightful .	0
The collective need to anthropomorphize entities and events that evoke emotion is explored and , in turn , a step in understanding our consciousness is taken .	0
I could probably write a ten-page paper on why this video encapsulates what it means to be a human being .	0
font size=+5ba	0
my lord .	0
burst my guts out laughing .	0
but ooh .	0
what torture .	0
TORRRTURE ! so .	0
see you soon , paul , i hope .	0
I like the way this guy says cock .	0
Wow , this is so much better with the commentary .	0
I first watched it in the original form ( I left it open playng in the background for a while because it was just too frusterating/sad to watch the repetitions ) .	0
my live journal name sucks ballsand it really should n't matterexcept that if i was someone else and i saw me online i would n't talk to mebecause i sound all angst-ridden and tragic .	1
its too bad i started my account when i was all twelve years old and dangerous .	0
But I iLIKED/i you all twelve years old and dangerous .	0
dOod.your icon isSO teh awesome .	0
*guffaw*	0
You can always change it to something that suits you better now ; you do n't have to get a new account or anything.But I do n't think your current one sounds tragic , just a bit cute .	0
yeah but i 'd have to *buy* my new lj name which would feel even more lame than just having a shitty one .	0
lol.thats how they get you.lj : sooner or later they will get older and realize how cheezy they were before .	0
then we charge them .	0
muahahahaaaa !	0
new username suggestions : angriegawthgrrlteenageangst1994slitmywristsaloneinthisworldwalkinginpuddlesemoblacktears ... okay I shall stop .	0
and I actually think your username IS kinda cute .	0
0MG TH0SE ARE S0 G00D.too bad they are all taken already by the weepy and tragic next generation of lj im sure.i will now retire to my dark cave of misery and cry.hahaha	0
I still think you 're cool ... . Mildly .	0
it does sound angst-ridden and tragic , which is why it is cute	1
span class='ljuser ljuser-name_petrona ' lj : user='petrona ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href='http : /etrona.livejournal.comrofile '' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href='http : /etrona.livejournal.com/'bpetrona/b/span has seen me with the kids , but she wanted to see how I 'd act when the kids were in imy/i space .	0
Fair enough ; some guys are cool visiting the kids , but that cool shorts out when one of the kids in question spills a glass of milk on his rug .	0
So this weekend , she and four of the kids came down .	0
I know , span class='ljuser ljuser-name_badmagic ' lj : user='badmagic ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= '' ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' and four kids sounds like either a short-lived sitcom or the opening of a documentary on child soldiers .	0
Nope , it was n't either .	0
Instead , it was a good time .	0
I think she was a bit surprised by how relaxed I was about the idea .	0
( Hey , maybe the milk will rinse out the stain from where I spilled coffee . )	0
From my perspective , it sounded like fun .	0
The big problem was that there 'd be one bathroom for six of us .	0
That turned out to be less of an issue than I 'd thought .	0
What I do need to keep in mind that my idea of a fun weekend playing tourist involves an activity level that not many have .	0
We went through Georgetown on Saturday , and the Natural History museum followed by span class='ljuser ljuser-name_musicman ' lj : user='musicman ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= '' ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' and span class='ljuser ljuser-name_redhotlips ' lj : user='redhotlips ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= '' ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' housewarming on Sunday .	0
'Fraid I exhausted them.There 's something I liked about an apartment full of kids .	0
It 's not quiet , but it has its compensations .	0
Probably .	0
I 'm not a kayaker ( but my aunt was married to an Olympic one for a while .	0
: ) The local REI at Bailey 's Crossroads probably has info on rentals and lessons .	0
You might try Fletcher 's Boat House , but dunno .	0
The kayaking around there is best left to experts , though - the Falls kill a few people a year .	1
Here 's some pics from this past Fall : a	0
I actually have no wish to kayak as I prefer rafting , which I do at least once a year .	0
I was interested , as where there is kayaking , there is usually rafting .	0
Further up the river there 's tubing , and probably rafting .	0
I 've never seen rafting at the Falls themselves .	0
Fricking gorgeous ! !	0
a : -D	0
Thanks ! !	0
It 's amazing that something so `` wild '' is so close to DC .	0
At our Saturday dual-cast party I once again commented that `` The Rudes are like locusts , except they are louder , eat more , and stay longer . ''	0
I 'm impressed that you wore them out *rofl* nicely done !	0
You appeared to be keeping up with them quite well , which is half the battle !	0
andgt ; some guys are cool visiting the kids , but that cool shorts out when one of the kids in question spills a glass of milk on his rug.Dammit , kid , that rug is for beer only .	0
I think you exhausted their minds more than their bodies .	1
*g* They are used to physical exertion ( basketball and track are tiring ) .	0
They are not used to city walking , flat surfaces and so many things to see and absorb .	0
We in the Garden State , get rejuvenated by the trees , rocks , streams , and nature in general .	0
See how much the rock creek and the park got them energized ?	0
Yes , I have Nav'i -like children .	0
Garden State ?	0
You guys breathe pesticides on a daily basis .	0
; ) Next time , tell him to take you and the kids to Great Falls Park .	0
Lots of rocks and trees and nature to go around .	0
Pesticides ?	0
Many of our towns and parks are `` pesticide free zones '' .	1
According to the NJ DEP , there is less than a 5 % impact of pesticides in the soils of NJ , so we breath freely .	0
*g*Great Falls Park : the pictures look pretty .	0
Thanks for the recommendation .	0
I 'll have to remember to put it on the list .	0
Wait , you 've been coming here for a year and he 's never taken you to Great Falls ?	0
More like a year and a half , and no , we 've never been there together .	0
Our weekends tend to be jam packed and there are only so many daylight hours for exploring ... . : - ) Heck , now that I have a better GPS unit , I might start doing some exploring on my own .	0
I need to get to know the neighboring areas better anyway .	0
Bad , badmagic .	0
Great Falls is one of my favorite places on the planet !	0
If you 're down here and are exploring by yourself , let me know and I 'll see if can go with you !	0
My pictures from there are here : a	0
Ooh , that would be great .	0
I will do that .	0
The pictures are great .	0
I see kayaking .	0
Is there a business nearby that caters to that ?	0
I totally pwn3d that chem test !	1
I did osmething in the last problem , I do n't knwo what , but it all worked out .	0
Things liek that scare me.Ran into Henry at the library , , , , , again ... ..the computer next ot me did n't work , , , , , again ... . that was so weird.I feel like a good movie and some coffee .	0
Anyone game ?	0
Movie sounds great but I 'm all the way in Cali .	0
= ( I heard Shrek 2 and Troy is really good .	0
awww , so far away !	0
: o ) We 'll go to a moovie together someday ; o ) I will have to check both of those out soon .	0
there 's a new movie : coffee and cigarettes.let 's go ! M	0
Next time I 'm in Chicago , you better beleive I 'll go see that one with you : o )	0
aha ... excellent ! hope you are well ! M	0
You get your rain check on the movie do n't worry	0
*sniffle* I sure hope so : o )	0
I know it 's been said before , and by better men than me , but : SEE AVATAR .	1
SEE IT .	0
SEE IT NOW .	0
SEE IT ON THE BIG SCREEN .	0
IF YOU ARE FEMALE , HAVE JAMES CAMERON 'S BABIES .	0
IF YOU ARE MALE , FUND STEM CELL AND CLONING RESEARCH SO THAT SOMEDAY YOU MAY ALSO HAVE JAMES CAMERON 'S BABIES.Seriously , folks .	0
While it did n't rock my world the way The Matrix did when I was 15 , I 'd put that movie-viewing experience up there with Lord of the Rings .	0
Yes , the script is n't perfect , but even when it feels like a B movie , it feels like a B Movie ibfilmed on location on Endor/b/i. Gon na quit frothing and go to bed now.P.S : OMFG AVATAR HAUGHAUGHLAGH .	0
You had me at Endor .	0
I know !	0
The ecology in that movie is the best part ... it 's like the Amazon plus a blacklight poster ... and more than a little bit of Ferngully .	1
Wow , that 's exactly how the trailer made it look .	0
Ecologist porn ... *drool*	0
i REALLY need to start wearing earplugs to shows .	1
i was going to bring them last night but then forgot .	0
my ears are still ringing from the gogol bordello show last night .	0
ughh .	0
i 'm gon na be deaf by the time i 'm 30 i see it now .	0
Earplugs are the smart thing to do .	0
a bunch of my friends went .	0
i heard it was awesome .	0
yeahh not as good as other times ive seen them but still fun , have you heard their music ?	0
yeah .	0
my two really good friends , steve and dima , love them .	0
so they play it all the time .	0
img cutid1I took these with my cellphone this evening .	0
I edited them out , because I was n't wearing clothes .	0
I 'm sending Mike the unedited ones , though : o : ) .	0
My cellphone takes pretty good pictures !	0
Oily and ready for a shower , as seems to be the case with most of my pictures ... ___img looking-away pictureimg redundant pictureimg kissy-face pictureimg vogue angleimg smiling ! !	0
Yeah creepy blurry-eyes ! !	0
! img the best , but I love chill photos.I would post normal ones where you can see my hair better , because yes , the rainbow is still there , but my camera randomly broke .	0
Feh ! !	0
! Oh man I 'm getting re-pierced soon and I am pumped !	0
Give me back my industrials , my cartilages , my tragus !	0
And I 'm getting my nose pierced , too .	0
I 've been waiting all year ! !	0
Stupid gym class ! Oh yeah , I 'm graduating this Friday .	0
I 'll post about stuff that 's been going on when I 'm not busy slacking off/doing a history project/making a koala mobile./	0
Whoo nudity ! !	0
! ... Let 's hang out , soon .	0
Barely legal .	0
Hahah , that actually crossed my mind when I posted them ! I was thinking of you the other day ! !	0
Likewise .	0
Say hi some time .	0
You 've done a splendid job of reminding us just how hot you are .	1
Well done .	0
andlt ; 3	0
So hot !	0
You read my journal ? ?	0
I should write a post just for you , your style.And thank you for the comment : D .	0
I truely believe in fate .	1
I have the best of luck sometimes .	0
And then when I do n't have the best of luck , I have the worst .	0
Wow .	0
Just wow.Nice little ambiguous journal entry .	0
Things just happen for a reasonBtw , I tried calling you not too long ago .	0
Whatever number I have is no longer in service .	0
If you wan na talk sometime , email me your new number -tackles-	0
Things do happen for a reason .	0
I just know it : o ) Yeah , I sort of dropped that phone too many times ...	0
Sometimes when I think its bad luck , in all actuality it leads to good .	0
Twists of fate ? Take care sweety ! !	0
exactly twists of fate ... .sometimes good luck turns out ot be bad , and the bad , good .	0
It 's all about perception as well .	0
Things right nwo are looking good , but whose to say what the ultimate result will be ... if there is such a thing as ultimacy ... you take care tooo !	0
xoxxoxo ! kate	0
ha i hate to admit it but i think i like paris hilton 's song `` stars are blind ''	0
Me too !	0
Her voice reminds me of Gwen Stefani 's .	0
I think that 's why .	0
Because when I first heard it I was like `` WTF ?	0
Gwen made a new song already ? ? ? ''	0
its a low rate gwen stefani song .	0
i had n't heard it until just then , i downloaded it then deleted it straight away .	0
i wish i could get those few minutes back , but i ca n't .	0
haha	0
This is Cat from the AFI comm ... just wanted to drop my cell number for you in case you want to get in touch with me before the AFI show on Monday .	0
It 's 419-203-1023 , and feel free to call me whenever .	0
I 'm nice , and I do n't bite ... I promise !	0
: ) I hope you 're able to meet up with us ... I 'm sure we can squeeze you into the line with us .	1
We 've done that before , and nobody ever said anything if it 's just one person .	0
awesome ! !	0
thanks for saying i can squeeze into the line with you guys : ) and yeah people generally dont mind it seems i know ive done it in the past too , and my # is 646 303 8523	0
No problem !	0
Also , if you 're getting into town on Sunday , you 're more than welcome to hang out with us that afternoon/evening , too .	0
I 'm supposed to get into town around 4:30 or so Sunday afternoon , and another one of us is supposed to be meeting me at the hotel that evening .	0
I thought maybe we 'd grab dinner and try to find something fun to do ( which may be hard in Cleveland on a Sunday night , but ... we can try ! ) .	0
If you decide you want to hang out with us , just give me a call !	0
that 'd be awesome !	0
im getting there sunday at 11:30am prolly gon na grab something quick to eat and check out the rock n roll hall of fame , thats all i really have planned so far .	0
call me when you get into town !	0
or ill call you around that time if i dont hear from you : )	0
Sounds like a plan !	0
I 'm not sure when my friend is getting into town , but I 'll give you a call once I check in and get all settled .	0
I 'll probably want to take a quick shower , but that should n't take too long.I 'm glad you 'll have time to check out the HOF while you 're in town !	0
I 've been there probably 4 or 5 times , and every time I see new stuff I 've never seen and it 's always fun .	0
img are a allegory for class warfare.a cutid1img from a Network ) Related : a brokers with hands on their face blog.img name='cutid1-end'Skinny Puppy is headlining a Kinetik ! a cutid2a name='cutid2-end'Other upcoming shows : Ego-Likeness , 10/31/08 , Saturday , Baltimore , MD , Orpheus DJ ?	0
Acucrack , Acumen Nation , Cyanotic , 11/13/08 , Thursday , Washington , DC , Exposure @ Live Nightclub , $ 10Cruxshadows , Ayria , I : Scintilla , XuberX , 11/27/08 , Thursday , Springfield , VA , Jaxx Nightclub ; $ 15 advance/ $ 20 doorHopeful Machines , 11/28/08 , Friday , Baltimore , MD , OrpheusOhgr and American Memory Project , 12/08/08 , Sunday , Washington , DC Rock and Roll HotelObscenity Trial , Spetsnaz , 12/11/2008 , Thursday , Washington , DC , Exposure @ Liv Nightclub , $ 12a cutid3hrimg trying Riseup 's a social networking and task managment/organizing software.hrimg the advertisements for Fallout 3 in Metro Center D.C. are a bit creepy .	0
a metro riders seem to think so.hrimg of Ember is a nice little film .	0
I approve of the rather obvious messages that it contains , as it deals with a lot of a issues .	0
To bad that it appears to be bombing at the box office , and we wo n't get to see the a of Sparks .	0
hrimg Putin/Yulia Tymoshenko het lemon fic .	0
You know you 'd read it.img name='cutid3-end '	0
Flint , I knew you 'd appreciate this Zombiecon deeply -- so sorry you could n't be there ! !	0
It veered dangerously close to being a protest !	0
You could have been mistaken as an opponent of capitalism !	0
Opponent of wasteful bailouts using taxpayer money to socialize losses [ not equal ] opponent of capitalism !	0
It is actually existing capitalism.Just as actually existing capitalism socializes ecological problems .	0
Actually existing capitalists know that their over all economic interests are served by state intervention and investment .	0
Socialists are those wacky people who think that if you are going to socialize losses , you should also socialize gains .	0
( If you are also going to prime the economy with Keynesian , then you should invest in infrastructure that is more practical than military ) .	0
One does not protest True Free Market Capitalism , because like fairies , it does n't exist .	1
Telling fairies that they do n't exist is largely regarded as rude .	0
Oh yeah ... and BRAAAAIIIINNNSSS !	0
Oh god , not this again .	0
YAWN.I thinbk it 's amusing that we can disagree yet the outcome - the protest - is the same .	0
It does n't matter to me why this is , people can protest for their own reasons yet still be protesting the same thing .	0
In this case , the libertarians and the socialists can ride the blood-covered bull in peace ; )	0
Can we hold hands and sing kumbayah ? Let 's try libertarian socialism .	0
It 's like peanut butter and jelly .	0
 ,    !	0
-  ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	0
: - ) )	0
This is an entry merely to let my overly-anxious , yet incredibly loyal pals know that they can soon stop twiddling their thumbs , as I plan to i ( finally ) /i update this currently more dead than live journal in the next couple of days .	0
I first must start blowing the dust off this sucker and gather my thoughts into some sort of coherent order .	0
You shall then have an entry that will rival the works of Dickens or Dostoevsky !	0
Huzzah !	0
i added you.i think because of the `` Huzzah '' s ... .or maybe because of the NC-17 rating ... it could have been the uber-entertaining writing too ... most likely tho , it 's just plain old jellousy .	0
some of us are just that simple	0
It 's great to see you back .	1
I for one have missed you much , though I 'm sure there are plenty more who have as well .	0
You have a knack for making friends heh .	0
I hope things are well for you .	0
Maybe with you back , I 'll actually have reason to start using my livejournal again .	0
the loyal are still waiting ... ..	0
Do you ever feel guilty about missing a day of posting in your LJ ? Because I always do .	0
Feel guilty , I mean .	0
Huzzah : )	0
Wow She came back from the dead !	0
; ) Great to see you back !	0
`` You shall then have an entry that will rival the works of Dickens or Dostoevsky !	0
Huzzah !	0
`` I 'll expect no less ! Seriously , it 's good to know you 're out there .	0
I did get your temporary e-mail address .	0
Sorry I have n't kept in touch .	0
I 'm just a lazy , forgetful son of a bitch ( something I told to my supervisor four years ago ... she tought I was joking ) .	0
Things have changed a bit here .	0
I have n't worked since March , but I 'm still doing pretty well .	0
I plan to go to school full-time for as long as I can , and I have government loans and grants to back me up .	0
Hot damn !	0
Suffice it to say that I got sick of testing concrete products .	0
She 's balive/b !	0
Alive !	0
Any who ... your presense has been missed .	0
I missed my Ginchy .	0
YES !	0
You 're back !	0
Glad to hear it .	0
Oh how I missed you dear Buffy.I still keep my LG somewhat .	0
I 'm a proud member of SG so if want to see a more up to date journal of me feel free to go to a I 've always thought you 'd make a excellent SG ; ) Hope to see ya around .	0
HI ya : ) I just was checking my friends list and there you are !	0
Hehe !	0
So thought I would check in and learn a bit about ya !	0
pfont size=1font color= # 800000font size=5font size=1font color= # 800000font color= # 800000 size=4strongimg title= height=152 size=1font color= # 800000strongimg height=643 alt=Herobear and the Kid !	0
by Jeremy Dale width=500/strongfont size=5strongMy Favorite Characters : Herobear and the Kid ! /strong/font/font/font/font/font/font/font/fontppfont size=1font color= # 800000font size=5font size=1font color= # 800000font color= # 800000 size=3font size=2font color= # 800000/font/font/font/font/font/font/font/fontpfont size=1font color= # 800000font size=5font size=1font color= # 800000font color= # 800000 size=3font size=2font color= # 800000font color= # 800000Here we have a more recent favorite of mine ... Herobear and the Kid !	0
strongCartoonist Mike Kunkel is brilliant/strong in every sense of the word -- and much like Little Nemo in Slumberland , this book captures the heart and imagination , bringing out the wide-eyed child in even the most jaded person./font/font/font/font/font/font/font/font/fontpfont size=1font color= # 800000font size=5font size=1font color= # 800000font color= # 800000 size=3font size=2font color= # 800000font color= # 800000The book revolves around young Tyler , who receives an old broken locket and a stuffed bear as an inheritance when his grandfather passes away .	0
Not exactly the sort of thing a ten-year-old would want to play with , but he soon learns not to judge a bear by its cover ( oh , the bad pun .	0
it hurts ) .	0
For the little toy bear can strongmagically transform into the 10 foot tall super hero polar bear/strong named HEROBEAR ... and the rest is history .	0
What first looks like just a light , enjoyable read becomes captivating and a real page-turner as Herobear and Tyler try to strongdecipher the note his grandfather left him/strong , leading him to the revelation that his grandfather was MUCH more than he seemed !	1
Before long , Tyler realizes his grandpa was none other than Santa Claus himself , and that Tyler is supposed to replace him , as has every grandson in the history of his family .	0
truly brilliant book -- check out the comic and graphic novel ( which I picked up for a measly 5 bucks at a con , lucky me ) from Astonish Comics.strong I ca n't recommend anything higher .	1
So there ya go !	0
Check /strong/fonta http : /andajeremy.livejournal.com/ _blankfont color= # 800000strongmy blog/strong/fontfont color= # 800000strong tomorrow for more as I continue -- These pieces are ALL AVAILABLE FOR SALE and I 'm also available for COMMISSIONS !	0
/strong/fonta _blankfont color= # 800000strongContact me/strong/fontfont color= # 800000strong if you 're interested and we 'll make things happen./strong/font- jeremy dale/font/font/font/font/font/font/font	0
Agreed !	0
Tried to stay true to the look of the book here -- I think it worked out pretty well .	0
Thanks ! - jeremy	0
rVimBS peace	0
Hello , nice site look this : End ^ ) See you	0
Hello , nice site look this : End ^ ) See you	0
Hello , nice site look this : End ^ ) See you	0
iWhen the Charlatans played a small festival in the US they played longer then the 20 minutes they were allowed to , the organizers just came on during the set and took down the drums.When a fight started to build up , Ice-T who had been chatting to their manager before that came up and asked if he could help , offering to bring his whole crew./i	0
Awesome .	0
that 's the coolest freakin thing i 've heard all morning .	0
when did this happen ?	0
I 'm not even sure it 's not completely apocryphal , although I do n't believe it 's an outright lie .	1
From my research they both played a festival in SF in 1990 , so the story is at least possible .	0
a	0
definitely possible .	1
that was right around the timeice t started touring with bodycount , was n't it ? ... so he made friends with numerous rock bands .	0
plastic legend or not , it at least sounds cool .	0
p class=MsoNormalCakes , why do they all look like cakes ?	0
This years prom dress assortment is a fabric realization of what can only be described as Betty Crockers nightmare .	1
True to the gluttonous American , these crude confections have enough tulle to feed a third world fishing village , enough sequins to outfit an entire army of transvestites , and enough fabric to clothe all seven the Von Trap children with still a generous portion left over for their fat great aunt .	0
Its a wonder these posh teens can even fit through door frames with such voluminous skirts .	0
It seems to me that the overwhelming mass of their garments is only accentuated with the ridiculous level of adornment ; its as if someone reached back into the early 90s , got their hands on a Bedazzler and went plastic rhinestone crazy .	0
p class=MsoNormalspan style=/spanI cant help but be suspicious that these garments are some sick practical joke devised in a full blown fashion conspiracyp class=MsoNormal	1
There has to be some relatively drug free party somewhere , I just assumed Paxon kids would be more likely to throw one than Stanton kids.The only reason I 'm going is because it 's free .	0
THEREFORE , you should n't go at all .	0
Go on a road trip with me instead .	0
Where are you going ?	0
O.o I think you 're just a quitter !	0
Cakes !	0
Completely understood .	0
And Tess you 're going to prom too on the same day as us as well .	0
Danielle I believe prom dresses are made in order to advertise cake , yes cake .	0
Hey you look like a cake , now go eat one.The end .	0
How subliminal , and ineffective .	0
I ate sushi .	0
I can hope I do n't look like a cake in my dress , but I would still much rather go on a roadtrip than attend my senior prom .	0
Which may be slightly sad.Also , whoever is responsible for scheduling all Paxon and Stanton events on the same days needs to be shot.andhearts ; Lauren .	0
Agreed , it 's as if they plan these things to cut down the non-competitive atmosphere between our school .	0
Bastards .	1
The only reason our schools are competitive is because the administration choose to do things like this : force us to choose between our own school and everyone else .	0
and , of course , we are obligated to choose our own school.I may crash some Paxon after party , because I miss you guys , but Stanton prom is free , and your prom is expensive .	1
Woah seriously ?	0
How unfair , Paxon kids really get screwed in that respect ... andgt ; .andgt ; I did n't even know there was an after party !	0
gacked from maya cus i am bored tooScan my interest list and pick out the one that seems the most odd to you.I 'll explain it.Then you post this in your journal so other people can ask you about your interests .	0
grotesquebeauties.i am intrigued .	0
: ) ) I guess that goes back to some drawings I saw by DaVinci , of grotesque faces that caught his attention while walking down streets .	0
he would remember them and sketch portraits later .	0
the drawings are obviously breathtaking .	0
a super-vain and all I think that 's cool ... it 's like love where you find someone conventionally unattractive , to be quite beautiful ... cliche..yes yes..but so true	1
anotherstrangedesignerboyWho ? I dont have too many interests to post anyway ... ; - )	0
your interests nail it to the basics ... that 's good .	0
I was a little indulgent.The boy was someone from school and I googled the hell out of him .	0
a professional sort of infatuation I guess .	1
I liked his passion and his blatant attempts at challenging the ( design ) authority at school and outside ... it 's over now that my interests lay elsewhere ... winkwink	0
img border=0 alt=Maine CoonbrYou are a Maine Coon !	0
You are larger than life , abrgentle giant .	0
You are independent , but verybraffectionate with your friends and family .	0
brbra font size=-1What breed of cat are you ? /fontbr font size=-3brought to you by a No surprise here : )	0
As you know , I 've had Maine Coons for a number of years , and yeah , I think it fits .	1
Hee hee , I 'm also a Maine Coon .	0
I 'm shocked , shocked I say !	0
PURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRFECTLY ...	0
It 's raining hard outside : PATTER patter PATTER patterBut I can stay in todayMy waste paper basket is full of tea bags and apple cores./	0
I viewed ur creative designs of typography at the community of jr__nal @ lj .	0
i 've got to tell u they 're marvelous , cheers for that .	0
and so came by ur personal journal so yeah , im adding u to friends .	0
Glad you like ! Your 'idiosyncratic ' photos are beautiful by the way .	0
I think I 've seen them on osculations ?	0
Added back !	0
Yeah , those r the ones i posted at osculations @ ljcommunity .	0
thanks for the compliment .	0
u dont update often , do u ?	1
i notice the recent one is in the month of may.. so where 've u been ?	0
I know , I 'm just terrible at updating my journal !	0
Also at commenting .	0
I really just lurk around reading my friends page ; )	0
u know what ?	0
u should put some effort on updating more frequently .	1
i think ur entries r interesting .	0
creative artworks , beautiful words , magnificent images.. i 'd like to always read ur latest on goings okay .	0
I saw you at jr_nal , add me back ?	0
Sure !	0
Your journal is pretty : )	0
a stuff too .	0
Holy crap .	0
i 've been watching that too~ ( but there are other places that upload the episodes faster . )	0
Yeah , probably .	0
But they have all of Death Note , so I 've been marathoning that so at least I 'll get all the injokes at conventions .	0
... .is it bad I want to cosplay Misa now , just for her wardrobe ?	0
oh god , death note and misa ? that manganime drives me crazy , cause it 's just raito being paranoid and killing people ibecause/i he 's paranoid .	1
and the fact that cons , i 'd be like , sup .	0
i 'm mello .	0
and every one would scream , like death note ! !	0
and i would frown , judge them all and be like , no .	0
wtf .	0
i was here first .	0
that 's been my nickname since i was three .	0
get the fuck away from me you smelly , nasty con-go-ers .	0
I know you have issues with it , but I 'm enjoying it so far .	0
andgt ; _andgt ; ; And yes , Light is a dick .	0
I 'm kind of amazed how much of a dick he is .	0
Does anyone have any recommendations for a good floor person who they 've used before ?	0
( To do polishing and possibly some localized refinishing ? )	0
Finding good contractors can be hard , and there are sooo many horror stories.Also , does anyone have a table saw that I could use for a few cuts ?	0
I 'm not sure yet if I 'll actually need it , though .	0
you know about elbow-joints , right ?	0
I can loan you a circ saw if you do n't find a table saw .	0
I have a table saw !	0
You 're welcome to come use it .	0
( I 'll email you my summary of references from elbow-joints )	0
I 'm good at finishing hardwood floors !	1
Steve and I did that in our last apartment , to get rid of the disgustingly pet-soaked carpeting .	0
I know where to rent the sanders , and how to finish the corners , and how to apply the polyurethane .	0
I think , if I had it to do over again , I would concentrate more on the edges and use non-water-soluble poly.I 'm not an expert , but I 'm also going to be doing this on our floors in a couple of months .	0
: ) If you want an expert , though , we have a pair of carpenters that did a floor in my old landlord 's apartment , and it looked beautiful .	0
They 're currently working on our house , but should be done and looking for a new project in February or March ...	0
-Oh MAN !	0
I need to install a breathlyser on my keyboard-	0
Oh it 's so nice that you 're posting ! ! !	0
I might be married but I 'm still an idiot trying to keep up with the world .	0
Welcome back.Really .	0
*hug*	0
PAUL DEEHAN ! where have you been ? ?	0
? you have been missed ! i was worried that you had died or something and nobody wanted to tell me.unrequited love is one of the hardest things in life.all you can do is refocus inwardly and learn to be happy with yourself , and when the time is right someone AMAZING will come along !	0
i bet you 20 bucks .	0
Look man , come back !	0
And the love reflected back .	0
Today I built a mini-bookshelf for my room back at school .	0
I have to bring it back on the plane , so I 'm not going to nail it together until I get back , but it looks pretty classy .	1
Finding and sawing wood : 30 minutesSlowly sanding edges while watching an entire episode of iThe Daily Show/i : 22 minutesApplying mahogany stain with polyurethane ( first coat ) : 9 minutes+ 8 hours - applying second coat of stain and polyurethane : 7 minutesDiscovering that the only way to remove sticky polyurethane residue is washing your hands in vegetable oil : 20 minutes ( I probably should have just worn gloves .	0
But hey !	0
The things you learn !	0
Plus , after you wash your hands in vegetable oil your skin feels ireally/i nice . )	0
I 'll help you nail it together !	0
: DDDD	0
I do n't think I need help - it 's pretty small .	1
But if it would make you feel validated ... ( How can I argue with four smileys ?	0
Polyurethane is a really fun word .	0
It is !	0
( What 's a urethane , anyway ?	0
If only I had n't already forgotten everything I learned in chem ... )	0
img cutid1img /I think I fixed what you were talking about , Lee , but I 'm not entirely sure - let me know if I still ought to tweak it ?	0
I meant to comment on this earlier -- wow !	0
Love the sense of movement and the skintones on the prone woman .	1
They really pop against those nice purples .	0
Awesome- but a quick thing I noticed- it looks like the thumb on the witch-lady 's hand is coming out of her ring finger .	0
At least , I think it 's a thumb .	0
I could be wrong .	0
Heh , this is what happens when I model for stuff - apparently my hands ( esp .	0
thumb ) do not behave like normal people 's .	0
Will go fix , thanks !	0
Quick fix all in all ; ) I love it .	0
You really ought to do a few detail shots so we could see up close !	0
Fab !	0
I think it 's my favorite of your pieces .	0
You did indeed fix the bits I mentioned , and I think the piece is the better for those changes .	0
But now the prone woman 's hair needs to fall ( at least most of it ) .	1
I think that by bringing the hair down a bit diagonally and having it blow around you 'll make her more feminine into the bargain ...	0
I concur about the thumb ( just fade it back a little into the magical mist and you should be golden .	0
The aspect ration seems a bit wide/short to me .	0
I 'd shave some of the right side off ( about 1/2 inch or 1/2 of a spine width if this was a paperback cover ) and add a bit to the top.I love the blowing leaves and I 'd include some more of those lower right as well .	0
All my picayune detail-orientness is really just my saying BRAVO !	0
This is already a champ , and should become an even mightier one .	0
Good thoughts - I 'll fiddle with it tomorrow morning , I think , when I 've got fresh eyes again .	0
Groovy .	0
Sleep well !	0
I think I know why elves have so few children , all their women are B cups .	1
a cutid1I love Will Cotton .	0
I forget who it was who showed me his art in the first place .	0
He is one of my favorite living artists now.img /img /img /img /img /img /img name='cutid1-end '	0
thank you for introducing me to this artist , my mind is thoroughly blown .	0
He 's one of my favorite living artists ...	0
I want to stalk him .	0
OMG i thought you died loli was like where the helllllll is that girl ! ? ! ? ?	0
! how have you been ? ?	0
Hahaha ...	0
I am alive .	0
LOL , I work at the Walgreens in the same damn plaza Craftmart was in .	0
I 'm such a loser .	1
But at least I get to work in the cosmetics department .	0
heh.How are YOU doing ?	0
I have about a year of people 's journals to catch up on ...	0
I got sort of antisocial for a while there .	0
It was me , I bet .	0
Do n't say I never showed you anything cool .	0
i like your work , do you mind if i add you ?	0
Sure !	0
*adds back*	0
i like how its lil feet are poking through her eyes .	0
: DI 'm glad to see you 've posted some new art in your journal ...	0
I think you went without posting for even longer that I did .	0
I hope everything is going well for you ?	0
The paper you 've printed on looks quite interesting .	0
I like it ! Also , the photographs have such a storybook sort of feel .	1
Like a candy land dream .	0
Willy Wonka and Hansel and Gretel come to mind , of course .	0
My favourite is the snow covered gingerbread house in the fog.It 's nice to hear from you again andlt ; 3	0
That one , Ghost , is one of my favorites , also ... I can imagine walking in a blizzard and all of a sudden having that appear in front of me .	1
I wish I could paint like him.And I suppose it is good to be back ... but I got used to being nonsocial and it gets hard to talk to people after not interacting for a while .	0
those are paintings ? ! yes .	0
I know how that is ...	0
YES !	0
They are oil on linen ... he is an artist genius .	0
this is just ... beyond comprehension .	0
kind of like Gottfreid Helnwein .	0
That name was familiar but I had to Google it to know who you were talking about .	0
I 've seen some of his paintings before- mostly of the bandaged girls , but I had n't seen the ones that are so photo-realistic .	0
a title= '' photo sharing '' alt= '' '' style= '' border : solid 2px # 000000 ; '' /span style= '' font-size : 0.9em ; margin-top : 0px ; '' a you read this ?	0
Originally uploaded by a clear= '' all ''	0
Neat !	0
GAY MARRIAGE ?	0
! YES , DO IT ALREADY .	0
Yeah , it 's great til you read the pre-nup .	0
Awww , that Connor .	0
What a sweetie pie : )	0
Yes , I can read it .	0
this is one of the sweetest things I have ever seen .	0
If only every word was n't capitalized like that , it 'd be the sweetest thing evar : O ( I 'm going to get myself shot one of these days lol )	1
At first I thought it said Fucker and I was like what a weird way to propose .	0
Then I looked closer .	0
awwwwwwsome .	0
I can.And awwww.Assuming its not a stalker .	0
I 'm having a few tears over here.That 's the sweetest thing EVAR .	0
SAY YES	0
alt= '' Image hosted by Photobucket.com '' bigbigbCOMMENT TO BE ADDED .	0
I 'M USING THIS JOURNAL AGAIN.//b/big/big	0
that 's you before makeup , is n't it ? hahahahahahaha/	0
god .	0
i loved that night .	1
it had to be one of the greatest nights of my life .	0
I will remmber it always .	0
`` KELLY !	0
WHERE ARE YOU ?	0
I CAN NOT SEE YOU THROUGH THE SMOKE !	0
`` i love you , my girlfriend .	0
adds me andlt ; 3	0
dfsfsd	0
add me you sonovabitchhhhhhhhh	0
Some doodles from recent days !	0
Doodles ! !	0
how about places on the internet where I can put my photos and people can look at them and it 's not a hassle ?	0
Everyone seems to use Flickr ; is there a reason for that ?	0
Please tell me everything you know.I 'm in Seoul now and it 's as I remember it : Like Tokyo but dirtier , messier and smellier .	0
Here is a city that has launched itself head-first into the modern age , without slowing down , without looking back , and without stopping to clean up after itself .	0
I dunno if I 'd live here , but I do love it .	0
Oh okay , good .	0
Heyyyyy , these are very nice ! Well done demonising McCain even more : D Obama 's very good , as is Keating.But my favourite of all is the last one .	0
Yeah , I think the best ones are McCain , Obama and Keating.And thanks !	0
I personally use Imageshack , but they 're not quite as awesome as they used to be since they 've gotten sneakier and wo n't give you the direct link to your photos right away .	1
But are you coming to the FARM PARTY	0
I use photobucket .	1
The end .	0
HOW COME ?	0
It 's reliable , pretty easy , and as long as the image does n't get whored out too much , your image is there FOREVAR .	0
Also , it has a sense of humour ( search for 'porn ' and it tells you 'officially we dont allow this stuff but umm ... if youre sure , we can show you what comes up ! ' ) ...	0
I find it humourfull.ALSO .	0
I like the yellow guy .	0
He reminds me of Sin City .	0
I use Photobucket because it 's easy and the service it provides is enough for what I do ( read : not a lot ) .	0
But I would n't recommend it if you intend on linking a lot of people to it because it has a tendency to go `` OMG TOO MANY PAGE VIEWS EXCEEDED BANDWIDTH WE ARE GON NA MAKE DIS IMAGE UNAVAILABABLE UNTIL NEXT MONTH ! ''	0
I -could- be wrong about it , but I 'm pretty sure I 'm not.I was going to suggest Facebook , but FB has a 60 image limit per album and uploads can be a bit of a bitch .	1
It crashes a lot in the middle of big uploads , which is very frustrating .	0
Hello dear .	0
Met you at the farm party .	0
Hope you pop over to G Town at some point .	0
flickr is easy and reliable and made for hosting stuff for blogs etc .	0
, its also freewell free accounts means you get 200 images , then they start being hidden , but they are still there , if you got past that amount , but then get an paid account they all appear again , whee .	0
Only 200 images ?	0
? Well anyway , I 'll see if I can find some detailed information about Flickr somewhere ...	0
it 's so you pay up to be able to show more than the last 200 uploaded .	0
and also once paid you can have lots of sections and stuff to organise everything , if you have a paid LJ account the hosting here in the scrap book is really good as well .	0
i have hundred of images up as for really free ones , maybe deviant art , they allow out side linking in blogs these days and theres no limits .	0
slightly annoying up load procedure , one file at a time upload etc .. photobuckets seems to suck big time , never used it personally , just judging but the amount of times i see 'this image unavailable hosted by photobucket ' stuff around	1
That may be ( about Photobucket ) but they do n't make your pictures as ridiculously small as flickr does , which sucks a lot for drawings .	0
but you just need to click on the view all sizes to see it bigger , easy peasy : P	0
NO WAY !	0
WAY !	0
andlt ; 3 andlt ; 3 andlt ; 3 andlt ; 3 andlt ; 3 andlt ; 3 ! !	0
a spelling mistake was on purpose , two m 's does n't look good to me )	0
You had an entry before , it was a long comic with puzzle holes in the faces ... do you have alink ?	0
ive been looking through your threadless ... i hate comments .	1
its like reading youtube comments , but instead of arguments about LIONS R BETR THAN TIGRS DUH THEY GOT MAINS , its about things i actually like so fuck thatwhich ones can i buy ?	0
i dont understand the site .	0
hey dude , I found this old construction paper while I was thrifting today and it 's really neat , something happened to it and made this weird sort of tie-dye effect ... do you want it ?	0
When I saw the paper it reminded me of your stuff .	0
It 's like this , only brighter bit more neon and there are quite a few more colors : have a whole booklet of it , and if you want it I 'll send it to you .	0
oh man that looks awesome !	0
i will send you something back in return if you do .	0
sweet !	0
are you still at 78 wright ?	0
yes !	0
Angelaaa !	0
*cries* Your present totally made my day !	0
Thank you so very much .	0
: ) It was the Passing of the Colors aujourd'hui and now I am ( I think ) officially a Panther .	0
*runs around with pink ears clipped to hair* Pink Panthers , rarrrr .	0
I 'm excited .	0
*bounces* At first I was like , blah , okay , yay , mascots , and then when the seniors handed over the `` Large and sometimes scary '' Pink Panther sequined head , I was like , `` Oh , my God , we 're PANTHERS NOW .	0
SQUEE .	0
`` O THE RESPONSIBILITY . What was really freaky was when the sophomore fainted in the bleachers .	0
I looked up just in time to see her faint and I kinda freaked out .	0
The only time I 've seen something like that was when my mom had a panic attack and completely froze up- she could n't move .	0
Scare-reeeee.And now I would like to direct your attention to our Neville/Luna community , span class='ljuser ljuser-name_copper_pennies ' lj : user='copper_pennies ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='16 ' height='16 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' which now has it 's May challenge . Go , go , go , go , go !	0
!	0
You 're welcome oh so very much !	0
Gnyach , I wanted to be at passing of the Colors so bad !	0
WHY could n't they have simply made it PM assembly ?	0
stupid AP English exam ... Yeah , it 's the monstrous panther head that does it .	0
Sigh , look at y'all all grown up !	0
Taking on the Panther-ness , representing the pink , etc .	0
etc .	0
Panthers are the best mascot , for seriously !	0
Oh and you get the Pink Panther curse too , unfortunately .	0
Apparantly it 's legend : every year the Pink Panthers are in their Senior year , something goes wrong .	0
And according to some alums that I was talking to at this function-our class takes the cake : ( I 'm NOT ready to leave !	0
There is NO possible way that I only have five more days of classes as a Mt .	0
Carmel student .	0
OMG .	0
I need a time-turner .	1
That way I can do all my hours over at MCA .	0
And can we make the 16th the official exchanging of presents day ?	0
My exams are already starting , and even though I already finished *something* for Erica R.O.C.K.s last night , the extra weekends would be uber helpful ; )	0
*weeps* I do n't wannnaaa grow up .	0
*tries to cling to dancing bears outfit* Ack .	0
*sighs and accepts it*Our cheer sheet says that it 's `` We are the Pink , we are the big number one '' but I 've always thought it was `` We are the Pink , we are the pink number one . ''	0
I 'm so confused !	0
Half our class lost their minds in the `` na na na na nanananandodgbananalldlfnana '' part .	0
*chuckles*May 16 ?	0
It 's a deal !	0
*blushes at name of project* : ^ )	0
It IS `` We are the Pink , we are the PINK number one ! ''	0
Do n't let them lie to you nyach !	0
Ah , the nananinanas !	0
Tongue twisting little devils , you 'll prob spend a practice or two getting used to them .	0
Famous quote from one of our moderators '' DO N'T BE AFRAID OF THE NANANINANAS ! ''	0
: dies : I 'll try to break it down phoenetically for you `` na-NAH-ni-NAH-ni-NAH-ni-NAH-ni-NAH-ni-nwa-na '' yeah .	0
pretty much .	0
I am quitting smoking .	0
Again .	0
Except this time I 'm not pregnant or nursing and do not have that motivation .	0
Have to do it for my health , and the fact that I seem to be a bitch when I do n't have a cigarette during the weekend because I was itrying/i to hide the fact that I have been smoking again from my husband .	0
Obviously , that did n't work.And so here my addictive personality sets in .	0
I feel the need , the craving , the burning desire to rush out to a store and purchase a pack of cancer ( seeing as my significant other has destroyed the pack that he came across hidden not-so-well in my car ) already .	0
The agony , the defeat , the ineed/i ... This sucks ass .	0
I hate you all.But .	0
There is always a but , or butt .	0
Mmmm , cigarette butt.For all my pain and suffering and once I can prove I can quit , again : I AM GETTING MY TATTOOOOOOOO IN TWO WEEEKS ! ! !	0
( No , I refuse to wait longer than that , Richard , if I am meant to suffer ! ) WOOOHOOOO !	0
I ca n't wait .	0
It almost makes the suckage of it all bearable .	0
Almost .	0
i 'm going to get my tattoo in two weeks as well for my birthday .	0
you should join Seth and I in tattoo getting .	0
As for the cigarette thing .	0
I went through that back in Janruary .	0
It sucks ass .	1
I think that the group tatting sounds awesome .	0
I need to try to find a pic of what I want .	0
I am in dire need of a new artist.Yay !	0
well if you like my fish tattoo , then this lady is good for you .	0
Who do you go to ?	0
I guess I 'm going to have to have someone do a sketch because I ca n't find a print of what I want .	0
She 's this hippy lady named Crystal .	0
She 's owns her own shop in Sarasota .	0
so I am feeling that I should put something motivating and encouraging here but that REALLY isnt my style but I dont want to be a jerk either which is my style ... ... ... .so I am for the most part stuck ... ... so I guess goodluck and yay tattoo	0
Thanks sweetie .	0
I wish I could say I am doing this for the good of my health .	0
But fuck my health .	0
This sucks ass .	0
a title=photo sharingimg alt= style=border : solid 2px # 000000 ; /span style=font-size : 0.9em ; margin-top : 0px ; a Second Flight Originally uploaded by a clear=all Round 2 .	0
Appleton Estate 21 year ( Jamaica ) , Brugal Aejo ( Dominican Republic ) , Cockspur 12 year ( Barbados ) , Flor de Caa 18 year ( Nicaragua ) .	0
I am suddenly quite thirsty !	0
We have been keeping the Brugal Aejo on the shelf here , along with others .	0
I have issues with aged rum .	1
If you want to age something so it tastes like oak , go get some good scotch or whisky .	0
Rum tastes best when it 's still relatively fresh and you can still taste the cane .	0
Why the hell are all these companies trying to age rum and robbing it of all it 's flavor ?	0
... mmmm ... .	0
Sorry for the short hiatus . I popped up to comment in a couple of journals but did n't really post . I am miserable .	1
I 'm sick and exams have started and I am a terrible , terrible person .	0
*crawls into hole**blasts Goo Goo Dolls music**hides face from world**continues to make friends with asterisks**does Sudoku and falls asleep*Fneh ... ... ...	0
I ca n't believe freshman year is OVER . I wo n't believe it until I take my geometry exam and never have to go to that class again . I ca n't believe she gave us a test on the last day of 'real ' school . Review ?	0
HA . LET 'S TAKE TEST.I have to go cough my lungs up somewhere else . *wheeze*	0
: ( 2 down , Erica !	0
You can do it !	1
*hugs*Well , at least school is almost over for you .	0
We 've got a full month left .	0
Aw , being sick for end of the year exams is the worst .	0
I hate when teachers do n't review-boo on them .	0
I remember my geometry exam as freshmen very well-and not for good reasons .	1
99 questions and it was a MOTHER .	0
I seem to recall graffitiing the nice little happy clip art on the last page-I recommend letting your frustration out on it .	0
Good luck !	0
I hope you feel better soon .	0
Exams are still a ways off for us , we do n't get started on them until about ... half way through June .	0
So they 're coming up fast.But at least you 'll be out of school sooner than me .	0
oh , my poor pip ! sleep-age is what you needGO ! i imperative you ! hope you feel better !	0
*big giant hug*Get well soon ! And sleepsleepsleeep ! ! !	0
Like , I got home today and took a 4 hour nap .	0
It really helped .	0
Sleep = cure for everything .	1
And these exams are really stressing me out too .	0
But hey , you just got past two of em today , so be teh happeh.Good luck on exams , and I hope you feel better soon ! Abigail	0
Hi Erica ^_^This is Karoline.I know this is an odd place to post this , but I just wanted to say it was great having you on our relay team !	0
^_^We should all do it again next year !	0
a parody of the ending to Final Fantasy VI using videogame consoles and handhelds .	0
It 's fucking hilarious .	1
It does the final battle and the complete 20 min credits sequence as well.WATCH THIS .	0
IT IS FUCKING HILARIOUS .	0
Or alternatively a for all you downloaders andlt ; 3	0
Welcome to last week .	0
Yeah , I know .	0
I 've been reminded in two other places .	0
YOU NEED TO UPDATE ME ON INTERNETS TOO DAMN IT .	0
; ____ ;	0
I know , right ?	0
You need to go to SA more often 'stead of reading them trashy threads on gamingforce .	0
Gamingforce ?	0
more liek gaymingforce , am i rite ?	0
Oh yeah , I went there .	0
with the illest comic book characters and they became arch-enimies.entry # 273T-minus 4 days until SerenitySo , I really need to get the fuck out of here , like now .	0
But as that 's not really an option at the moment I 'm thinking like a week or two , mid-November road trip , of course I need accompanyment for such a venture .	0
Any takers ? A side note : I 'm actually very serious about doing this , so if you 'd like to go speak up .	0
And if you 're going to flake out on me , don't.Also , every time I listen to this song , I shit myself a little in sheer amazment .	0
But I ca n't figure out why there 's no MF Doom vs. Dr. Doom .	0
MF Doom is the best rapper there is , pretty much .	1
I 'm not sure about best , I always loathe to declare anyone the ibest/i , but he sure as hell is up there .	0
I ca n't think of anyone else who is as consistently impressive as he - and I listen to a LOT of rap .	0
Dude , I 'm up for traveling .	0
But I do n't drive .	0
You know .	0
But yeah , I kinda like getting away .	0
I 'm down , you 're going to need money to contribute to food and gas and shit .	0
Also , if you could find someone who could drive interested in going that 'd be great , because I sure as fuck do n't want to do all the driving .	0
Oh !	0
Did i say something about you or something that is none of your business ?	0
I guess we 'll never know now will we ? You see , the difference between you and I is that I have friends to talk to .	0
I dont need to make a journal to get attention.If you have something to say to me , say it to my face .	0
Unless all you really are good at is gossip.Or better yet , i 'm sure you know my screen name .	0
If you are going to slander me than slander me online , since thats all you can do anyway .	1
I did n't make people hate you , you do a fine job of that yourself.a _blankimg alt=hit tracker border=0	0
onoz	0
Thank you for your site .	0
I have found here much useful information .	0
Good site !	0
   intim sex   kurtizanka.com.ua	0
im reasoning of applying for an online payday allowance but theres so innumerable place 's which is the most appropriate locale to get a credit i dont wan na get ripped off ! !	0
any suggestions ?	0
divert add links tender s you : )	0
Hi , my friends !	0
I want to get program XRUMER 5.07 Palladium for free .	1
Have you any link ? I 'm so need this magic program ! It 's can break captchas automatically !	0
Activate accounts via email automatically too !	0
Absolutely great software !	0
Help me ! And did you hear news - price for XRumer 5.0 Palladium will grow up to $ 540 after 15 may 2009 ... And XRumer 2.9 and 3.0 - too old versions , it 's cant break modern catpchas and cant break modern anti-bot protections .	0
But XRumer 5.0 Palladium CAN ! ! !	0
! So help me for download this great program for free !	0
Thanks !	0
Uh-oh .	0
i would n't like to be this person ...	0
Believe me , no living person wants to be the person this pertains to .	0
Hmm .	0
I 'm going to take three guesses ...	0
Really ?	0
it takes three ?	0
OWW OWW What did I miss ! ! !	0
( gets in cheerleader outfit and pom poms ) gooooooooooooooo ONI !	0
Nothing new , just me being sick and tired of isome peoples/i shit : \	0
my response to isome people/i regarding this entry.So ... ..img	0
so : have n't update in awhile.work 's ended .	0
very happy about that.i 've somehow gotten talked into closing the assembly next tuesday .	0
yay for me .	0
i 'm horrible at public speaking.have to go to the open house thursday and bake cookies for FCCLA.HAVE TO GET TICKETS FOR GREEN DAY/TBS.i think that 's all for the weekly planner.i 'm sick .	0
it sucks .	0
end of story .	0
*that 's why i missed school today*i think i 'm going to keep it on the downlow with him .	0
i 'm not giving up *because i 'm too ignorant to do that* , but i 'm going to give it time and just see where it goes .	1
and i think i 've set my death wish in cunninham 's class .	0
this can not possibly get any worse .	0
*has anyone else had problems with her ? ?	0
*over and out , peeps .	0
i had problems with cunningham last year .	0
shadia had problems with her before me .	0
and emily tracy before both of us .	0
cunninghams just fucking weird .	0
ok , so it 's not just me .	0
thanks for the reassurance .	0
i think i 'm starting to get on her good side though.i 'm just worried because english is what i want to major in in college , and if i get shitty grades this year , it could jeopardize my chances of going to the college i want to go to and everything else .	0
and , if i have to take AP english with her as a senior , i 'm double screwed because that 's a college course ... ... ..aargh .	0
thanks for listening to the random rant .	0
i believe i 'm beginning to babble now , so i 'll leave you alone ; P	0
nope , its not just you .	0
cunningham has her ups and downs , i 'm sure she 'll come to realize your a good student .	0
she did with shadia and me .	0
and she probably wouldve with emily had emily liked teela .	0
=P i 'm sure youll turn out fine , just dont stress about cunninghams craziness .	0
shes pretty old and senile .	0
=P and no problem for listening , bud .	0
Its unbelievable that CBS Morning News runs two stories , back to back , in which first they say that the corporate bonus is a great and progressive idea ( for a software company ) and then denounce the bonus as an example of capitalism out of control ( when done by a bank ) .	0
As I write software in a bank , I am doubly confused .	1
Maybe I 'll split this year 's into good and evil pots .	0
I was hired at my current position with a software start-up for 30 % less than I was making at another start-up 5 years ago .	0
It 's the economy , everybody has to make temporary sacrifices , blah-blah-blah.When I was hired the IT team was four-strong .	0
Two of those folks have since been canned .	0
My remaining support staff is not productive.Recognizing my frustration , I was offered a salary and bonus increase , but mentioned no numbers .	0
They do n't want me to leave .	0
They also asked me to take my CV off of Monster , etc .	0
I said no.Finally got the official notice of compensation adjustment : A one-time bonus of roughly 3 % of my base salary.This was supposed to convince me that the company loves me and persuade me reel in my tackle ?	0
I find it quite believable .	0
*sigh*	0
Banks are supposed to speculate .	0
My whole life appears to revolve around getting up , going to job one , working , rushing off to job two , working , running to the gym , working out and sleeping .	0
well mine is the same lately except that I try to eat something and dont go to the gym every day/week but play with my Wii ; )	0
This is why I could never live in America again .	1
We do n't stop to smell the roses enough .	0
no , we do n't , but I am going to Greece on Friday , and I have to pay for it somehow lol	0
Thank all the Gods above that February is FINALLY over .	1
For the shortest month of the year it was doing it 's darndest to seem like it was the longest .	0
Let 's see ... . had a foot of snow the last day of the month , luckily it was followed by 5 days of fairly warm rain so most of it is gone from the yard already.Middle Spawn moved out , span class='ljuser ljuser-name__midknight_ ' lj : user='_midknight_ ' style='white-space : nowrap ; text-decoration : line-through ; 'a href= ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' was here for the month , I think I have a freakin ' sinus infection ( heading in to the doctor 's today about it ) and work is kicking my ass.February kicked the ass of most of my LJ friends ( hugs to all of you ) , especially span class='ljuser ljuser-name_crowgirl13 ' lj : user='crowgirl13 ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= '' ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' and span class='ljuser ljuser-name_spoiledbrat_kid ' lj : user='spoiledbrat_kid ' style='white-space : nowrap ; text-decoration : line-through ; 'a href= '' ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' much to say here ... .hope March is treating you all better !	0
Just ... *HUGS*^_~	0
Hugs back !	0
*purrs and winks*	0
*hugs my Katmom really tight* Yes , Feb. did that indeed .	0
Hopefully this month is better !	0
*nods* me too !	0
iAnonymous commenting is turned ON ( it always is , but okay ) .	0
What I want you to do is a post a confession in a comment .	0
It can be about anything at all .	0
Even me , but post anonymously .	0
It can be a deep , dark confession , or something just completely random .	0
Has there ever been something you 've always wanted to tell me , or anyone else ?	0
Now is the time .	0
Post as often as you want , and I will most likely reply , so you may want to check back./i	0
Yeah , I realized mine were on and that I should turn them off a few comments in .	0
I 'm a Christian , but sometimes I fear that I put Anderson Cooper on a higher pedestal than Jesus .	0
I 've started attending catholic mass because it makes me feel closer to stephen colbert .	0
Hoses ( and stuff ) turn me on .	0
I once scraped all the icing off of a cake and then ate it all ... .I was a fat kid .	0
I 'm bisexual but have been too scared that I 'm either just confused or that people will judge me to tell virtually anyone .	0
I tried to convince my parents a few months that bisexuality is a real thing but have thusfar been unsuccessful ; discouraging me from revealing to them how I feel .	0
I 'm a little sad that I feel the need to make this annonymous , but I guess that 's the point I 'm at still.Basically , being raised super-Christian with a penchant for repression has fucked up my ability to express this pretty badly .	0
So there 's a deep confession , I guess .	0
Um ... you 're welcome ?	0
I ca n't seem to get over this insane crush that I have on a girl that I met in the Colbert community .	0
She and I have a lot in common and I always eagerly await her comments , replies , etc and find myself wanting to do things for her and talk to her , but I already have someone in my life and it is frankly really confusing .	0
Part of me is telling myself to be careful because I already have someone , but another part of me really wishes that I could go for her .	0
I honestly have little attraction to men as a rule in the physical sense , so personality , talents , mannerisms , and interests become more of the basis for my feelings for someone .	0
What makes it even harder is the fact that she is admittedly open to both sexes , which makes things seem even more possible , but I do n't know how to reconcile my feelings for her .	0
I have been struggling with this for a really long while and she has expressed interest in meeting me as well .	0
I really , really want to meet her , but I am afraid because I do n't know what to expect , if anything.Thank you for the opportunity to get this off of my chest .	0
On LJ and on OSCLA , I am constantly afraid that no one will like me .	0
I 'm afraid of being uncool , so I try too hard by chatting up the things I think are cool about me .	0
I get too braggy , hoping that I 'll secure my place as someone cool ... hoping the cool kids will like me .	0
I end up treating this all like it is high school , but I have n't been in high school for a long time.In other news , I 'm afraid that I will never meet any of the TDS or TCR people I admire ... and if I do n't meet them , I will never be completely happy with my life .	0
I worry that I take all of this far too seriously .	0
Last time I did this meme on someones journal , LJ tagged my IP as spam .	0
It took weeks to get my IP removed.Still , I 'm commenting anonymously .	0
I guess I like to live dangerously .	1
When I first started watching The Colbert Report I was seriously depressed .	0
If he had n't made me laugh and given me something to look forward to , I would n't be here today .	0
I guess he saved my life in some odd way .	1
My life is still completely fucked up , but he makes it bearable .	0
If anything , that goes to show how little I have .	1
I hate these things , because I 'm always afraid I 'll see something I wo n't want to .	0
So I will never put this on my journal .	0
I spend too much time trying to figure out who everyone is .	0
My oldest sister and then a male cousin ( the same age as my brother ) molested me when I was very young .	0
No one in my family knows about this though they do know I was molested by people outside the family .	0
Moreso than the molestation , though , I hate the two of them for the distance that I keep with my family on the whole .	0
I 've always thought I would overcome the need to separate my family from my life but I 'm in my 20s and it still has n't happened .	0
I 'm one of the people who is kinda intimidated by you and your many storiesbutI 'm afraid to tell you that because it would come off as bitchyand maybe it still will.But there it is .	0
it does n't , and i appreciate that .	0
we talked about book ... i was on xanax and probably a dick with rambling..but can i add ya ?	0
books	0
i 'm afraid someone is going to reveal something terrible about me that only people i 've known for years know .	0
sadly i have friends that have the knowledge to ruin me , just talking about things i 've done/said .	0
Yet another reason why it 's awesome to not have friends .	0
Too bad it also totally blows .	0
Dittooooo .	0
You are still logging our IP addresses .	0
Not anonymous .	0
i 'm trying to figure out how to turn that off now .	0
if only i was n't technologically retarded .	0
I know the feeling .	0
i figured it out ! !	0
thanks to my awesome google-fu powers.but really , i suck at these things .	0
After letting the laptop cool down for several hours , I was finally able to get it to reboot long enough to hook up the external hard drive storage device and back up all my data and art files.I have also found that by running the kitchen ceiling fan at arctic blast settings , I can get anywhere from 10 minutes to 2 hours of function with no shutdowns.I freeze my ass off this way , but I can limp along a while longer before I need to replace my computer now.With all my files backed up off of the comp 's drive and a seperate home system I can use for email and the like , I am less concerned about riding the beast into the ground..Its a very old unit , and has been getting steadily less able to perform the functions I require of it- its long past time to replace it , and I have just had other priorities.-Badger-	0
I know how you feel ... I have a crappy HP with that built in fan killing program that pops on when you do n't renew the overpriced warranty ...	1
So I have one of those cooling mat things that circulates the air under the laptops vents and runs off the USB ... At one point I had no internal fan at all and the cooling mat still kept it running nicely until I found and eradicated the capitalistware that kept turning off the internal fan to try and make me buy a new laptop .	0
*chuckles* Though sometimes all ya got ta do is give it a good blast of canned air .	0
Hmm , I do n't suppose you would have a link to somewhere showing where this 'fan-killing ' program is ?	0
I have an old HP Pavillion dv8000 .	0
You ... should get a netbook .	0
It 'd be easy to get to cons , has a long battery life , and best of all , is n't expensive .	0
You could probably pay it off with the savings you get by not running the fan at those speeds all the time.Also , are you going to Anthrocon later this year ?	0
I 'm not making it out to FC , and it 'd be cool to hang out with you for a while .	0
Spent some of yesterday at the Hope Cemetary in Worcester .	0
It was a celebation for the Cemetary ( odd , ai n't it ?	0
) , and since John Gough is buried there , I went and did part of my presenatation at his graveside .	0
It was my first visit to his grave , and felt a bit eerie , since I feel such a stron connection to him to begin with .	1
This may sound odd , but I like cemetarys .	1
Its quiet , green , rich in history , and has a strong connection to the past .	0
Last night was first rehearsal for the new rpoduction , very promising .	0
Although teaching 14 kids under 12 the jazz square is a bit daunting !	0
I love cemetaries ... Sometimes , when I 'm having an especially bad day at work , I go walk in the one here in the Square , and look at all the stones and such , and it really helps to me .	1
Yes , i find them very focusing .	0
I 'm in love with cemetaries .	1
Ghosties and dead people give me the willies , so cemetaries drive me mad.I usually walk around and attempt to read all the names on the old gravestones .	0
Just walk , stone to stone , and read all those people 's names .	0
People sitting right there in the ground .	0
People I never knew.Oh lordy .	0
I love cemetaries .	0
I think I shall visit every cemetary iever/i .	0
if anyone is intrested in giving Bush the big fuck you this friday then check out this site a `` i am sure you know the lieing , drunk , mass murdering , dumbshit is visiting st. helena ... ... ...	0
hopefully i 'll be able to go.if i do , im going to try my hardest to spit on his face .	0
right on , i want to slap that bitch in the face and yell at him for being an unfeeling , killing , tyrant ... i hate that mother fucker	0
yeah theres plenty i want to yell at him about.gmdkgms it would feel so good just to be able to give him a piece of my mind .	0
hrfont size= '' +1 '' Top Commenters on span class='ljuser ljuser-name_mnor ' lj : user='mnor ' style='white-space : nowrap ; 'a href= '' ' alt= ' [ info ] ' width='17 ' height='17 ' style='vertical-align : bottom ; border : 0 ; padding-right : 1px ; ' /a href= ' LiveJournal/fontsmall ( Self and anonymous comments excluded from rankings ) /smalltable	0
Well , you know Gracie !	0
I win .	0
How did you get that ?	0
77 ( Now 78 ) You talk too much	0
w00t Im number 8	0
I think it 's funny how I 've only had your LJ username thing for a little over a month and I 'm already number 11 on your comment list .	0
I have no life I tell you !	1
HAHA , I know , and some people that first had my LJ have like ... one comment .	0
Number 38 ? Not coolI 'll be commenting more .	0
You better work your way up ; - )	0
I love how Gracie is always in the top 10 on these things.-p .	0
i just voted ... so thats what democracy looks like ... interesting ... .in the voting building the workers were saying that so far there was only a 31 % turn out across the sate since there are n't any hot button issues ... ..that is fucking disgusting .	0
fuck anyone that did n't go out to vote , unless you are a republican .	0
if you stayed home , and are a republican , then you did your state a favor by not voting ... .but to all the progressives or democrats that did n't vote shame on you ... ... we have an impotent democrats in positions of power .	1
the only way to bring in people that reflect solid liberal and progressive values ( aka decent people with hearts and intelligence ) is to vote them in on a local level .	0
how is that not a hot button issue ?	0
jesus christ !	0
you said exactly the first line when we left the voting room ... ur a loser	0
republicans have a right to vote too .	1
And just because they might be republican , does n't mean they are a bad person .	0
There is no wrong vote , there is choice .	0
That 's what voting 's about , and republicans are people with thoughts as well .	0
Just because they do n't agree with your thoughts does n't mean they are idiots .	0
clearly , republicans have the right to vote .	0
i never disputed that .	0
my subjective feeling is that a republican vote is harmful to this country .	0
this is n't about good or bad .	0
i do n't care who the person is , if they have republican beliefs ( such as unregulated corporations , independence at the expense of the community , free market capitalism ) and more specifically social conservative beliefs ( such as being opposed homosexual marriage and social programs and believing in a version of family values based on twisted theology ) then i believe their beliefs are selfish , ignorant , and exceedingly adverse .	0
i do n't think they are idiots because they do n't agree with me .	0
i think they are idiots because their premises alienate and destroy .	1
i really do n't care if you agree with me or not .	0
this LJ is a place for me to express my unbridled and extremely subjective thoughts and feelings .	0
however , i appreciate your feedback .	0
i hate trying to explain that sort of thing .	0
It 's like , people always take it as me saying i hate someone because they dont agree with me , but im not and yeah ... you get the rest ...	0
Ahahahahaha width= '' 425 '' height= '' 350 '' param name= '' movie '' value= '' src= '' type= '' application/x-shockwave-flash '' width= '' 425 '' height= '' 350 '' allowScriptAccess= '' never '' /embed//	0
omg when i started watchng that , i was like `` OMG that 's so mean ! ''	1
( i love spiders ) .	0
Then i was like haha wtf ?	0
lmfao !	0
that 's too funny ! ! ! !	0
its bitch bahahaha !	0
Omg , that is hilarious .	0
i laughed so fucking hard at this .	0
that was amazing Leah	0
Haha .	0
I definitely thought this was like a serious documentary about spiders at first .	0
I think that everything will be ok ... I have this FEELING .	1
It will .	1
'Cos you 're a lovely pretty lady : )	0
I certainly HOPE so ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	0
i *heart* that user pic and the hot hair cutxo	0
i 'm about to send you an email with questions about some stuff ... so check it before you leave work ! !	0
I hope everything ends up being okay *hug*	0
I actually think things will be fine now ! !	0
ok or not , It will still be going on forever 5 years after from this post.XO-sally smartass	0
true .	0
Boondock Saints 2 comes out Oct. 31 ! *squee* Too bad Willem Defoe 's not in it , though .	0
Still , the McManus brothers ... mmmm ... .EDIT : If you 've never watched the deleted scene ( andquot ; Ma calls from Irelandandquot ; ) , it 's great !	0
( Some bare tushes in evidence , too . )	0
You may be shocked to learn that I 've seen Boondock Saints .	0
Twice , I think .	0
I keep some bad company .	1
Bad company is the best kind !	0
It 's not a movie I would ever have picked myself to watch , but my daughter rented it , and I wound up buying it .	0
It 's funny in a really twisted way .	0
Oh , I know .	0
I ca n't wait !	0
Have n't been around , so just now I read about the root canal !	1
I wish you are feeling much better now , RQ .	0
*hugs tight*	0
I did these a while ago , but I decided , what the hell , this ai n't DA , what 's the worst that could happen ?	0
So here 's some wonderful artz for a who was in his own way just ibegging/i for some ED lovins.a cutid1img I drew on OpenCanvas just 'cause when watching The Pagemaster ( Did n't bother to finish watching ) on YouTube , and TWR was just begging for internet trouble.img what the hell , I finished it !	0
But he called it slop.img I sketched up another to make him happy.img turned it into a piece of art of only the highest caliber.a name='cutid1-end'Sapphy 's next .	0
Oh god I wanted to stab myself in the eye with a fork .	1
Forcefully and repeatedly .	0
Why do n't I have a iGODS WHY ?	0
! /i icon ? iRepeated for clarification : KIDDIEFURS ARE FUCKING CREEPY AND THEY MAKE THE BABY ERIS RAGE .	0
This is to say : trolling successful !	0
And disturbing , but you ca n't help your subject matter .	0
Right now I 'm doing practice drawings of a fat rainbos dragongirl masturbating and firing out a ROYAL RAINBOW from her vagoo .	0
I want to laugh and cry at the same time .	0
And yes , it will be posted when I am through andgt ; : |	0
No !	0
Not the Royal Rainbow .	0
The Royal Rainbow does n't go emthere/em .	0
Hahaha .	0
I laughed , and I 'm guilty of being a troll too .	0
Augh , babyfur fetishists.Love how you drew the slightly-neurotic-and-buzzed-out face .	0
Oh my GOD , Amber .	0
p Someone sent me a postcard last week that was unsigned .	0
It was postmarked Las Vegas , and had a picture of the Columbia River Gorge .	0
Could it have been someone on my LJ friends list ?	1
I 've rounded up the usual suspects and none of them will admit to having sent it .	0
'T was n't me , but I can send you a postcard from Goshen IN if you like : )	0
That was me , just before I left Las Vegas .	0
Did I really not sign it ?	0
I guess it was ithat/i kind of a weekend .	0
Aha !	0
Yes , it was completely anonymous .	0
Nice picture , though !	0
It has been a while , yes indeed .	0
I 'm not sure if anyone even checks my journal to see if I post anymore .	0
How curious tothinkthat nobody might .	0
How interminable are words if they reach nothing.I 've been losing time all over the place lately .	0
Instead of a symmetrical grid of days , calendars now seem like a hopscotch game in which everything is simultaneous .	0
There 's no way to land on 5 squares at once , and yethere I am at the end of another month another year without a leg to stand on .	0
My brain has been persnickety lately about what it chooses to accept as imperative .	0
I feel as though everyone around me is moving about four times faster than me ; it takes me so much longer to experience a moment than it used to .	0
I feel like my skin is thin paper origamied around my bones , crisp pulp bent into ancient patterns .	0
I am so new and know nothing .	0
I am the product of billions of old things I have never met .	0
I am long-stemmed and far from the soil.He saidandquot ; you said a system in collapse is a system moving forwardandquot ; and I am a system moving forward.Onward , then .	0
i still check on a regular basis .	0
not in a creepy facebook kinda way , i just watch my friends updates a lot.always remember ; We must go forward , not backward .	0
Sideways , not forward .	0
And always twirling , twirling , twirling towards freedom .	0
You are a riot .	0
: D I hope everything 's going fantastically for you !	0
If you were a secret superhero and you could choose your skin -- if it could be any material what would you choose and why ?	0
e.g .	0
scales , alloy , velvet , wire , silk , carapace , bark etc .	0
Hmmmm .	0
Probably leather .	1
It 's durable , and smells lovely , and is protective , and malleable .	0
I love the soft wrinkles leather gets after it 's been through a lot .	0
Sometimes I look forward to getting wrinkles -- if I 'm lucky enough to live long enough to get them ! -- they 're kind of beautiful .	1
Kind of a boring answer , I suppose .	0
How about you ?	0
Not boring at all -- wrinkles do not get enough appreciation .	1
Tattoos of age .	0
( Botox really freaks me out ) .	0
Hmm , I 've got nothin ' .	0
I like my human skin .	0
But , it 'd be cool if maybe my skin could change temperature according to my surroundings and if I could absorb people 's negative energies and maybe radiate groovy colours .	0
iHow interminable are words if they reach nothing./iThey do n't have to reach , as they are a reflection of yourself , they will always be in proximity to someone ( you ) .	1
I hope , for the love of all that is lovely that things are what you want them to be .	0
Best headline ever from the front page of today 's AJC : blockquoteDEATH STILL ARBITRARY/blockquote	0
img	0
That kinda reminds me of my favorite out of the local paper in my college town .	0
Which , is n't so much of a clever headline as a TERRIBLE placement mishap between two unrelated articles.a	0
Also , the story 's byline says Lebanon , which is additional hilarity until you realize why it probably says that , and Google says that yes , there is a city called Lebanon in Marion County , Kentucky , and then Wikipedia says Lebanon is also a breed of domestic pigeon , and then you are confused .	1
LOL !	0
iStill/i ?	0
? I thought you might like these : a ( a Feed ) a	0
a victory .	0
my dad is awesome and has been nothing but grudgingly supportive of mei was n't sure i wanted to post this buttttttt anywayDUDE GUYS , WHO LIKES ADVENTURE TIME BY PENDLETON WARD ?	1
yeah ! ?	0
EVERYONE ?	0
? lj-embed id= '' 9 '' /Does everyone know it got picked up and is going to be made into a series ?	0
YEAH ?	0
well dude , duuuudes , ladies , head over to the frederator blog and tell pen and everyone how excited you are to be watching full episodes in late 2009 ! a right !	0
Yes , booze makes cartoonists better .	0
yay !	0
series !	0
finally !	0
Ah yes I am so happy for this !	0
Pen is the Dude .	0
It makes my wrist tattoo of his phone number so worthwhile .	0
It is beyond awesome that you are doing the art for this show .	0
That 's awesome , I ca n't wait to see it as a series !	0
what can a doctor do that a cartoonist ca n't ? Awesome as always , Natasher	0
I was quite drunk on lj last night and now I remember that I came across this entry , played the video , and shouted out the dialogue with another cheery drunk .	0
Mmmm !	0
I love it so , I ca n't wait for more : D !	0
did I miss something ?	0
amazing ! ! !	0
I love adventure time !	0
word ! ! !	0
! ive been watching that same clip for years and the other day a friend told me it was going to be a series and i didnt belive it !	0
but wooo !	0
mathmatical !	0
^_^ so exciting ! !	0
! ps.supportive parents are super rad !	0
adventuretime is one of my favorite things ever.EVER .	0
Hi , you do n't know me but I just googled your name to ask you a question about doing comics for the Daily Wildcat .	0
However , Adventure Time is infinitely cooler than our school paper , and I am super impressed to see that you , a student , are working on the show while studying in Tucson .	0
If you do n't mind me asking , how did you land a sweet gig like that ?	0
apply to the wildcat to do comics !	0
i am quitting after this semester !	0
I love adventure time and I am SO glad it got picked up !	0
Not half as excited it on cartoon network since we in Canada have to pay alot to get that channel , so instead I hope it gets leaked onto the interwebs or teletoon picks it up soon after ... I also wanted to say I enjoyed your work on the candykingdom !	0
I loved the ice cream and cotton candy girls .	0
Oh and of course cupcake mama*squee*	0
happy birthday !	0
i 'm 12 ! i 'm 28 ! RHOMBUS ! yeah ... sorry .	0
i love adventure time .	0
i 've considered getting a tattoo of pen.also , love the new comic .	0
congrats about the new life .	0
you did n't mention you were doing work for the show .	0
that 's fucking ... amazing .	0
i am sooooooooooo excited now ! i mean , i was before , but now i 'm REALLY REALLY EXCITED ! !	1
!	0
I 've only seen one episode ( unless that 's all there is ? )	0
but I was really impressed with it !	0
Looking forward to seeing more of it.Also , those pants make your legs look like little roads !	0
Oh my .	0
You have just made me a very happy man .	0
Thank you in advance for all of the resources you put into making Adventure Time happen .	0
That short has brought me more dependable smiles on otherwise craptastic days than I can count .	0
Fred from Frederator Studios came to visit our design school and ended up showing the class iAdventure Time/i !	0
I was so excited because I watched it on your blog and sent it to my friends : ) We had no idea he was going to watch it with us !	0
Fred was very happy that we were such fans !	0
haha	0
wow .	0
that 's a much more sarcastic and cynical comic than I 've seen you do before ... .I mean , journal-wise.nice !	0
OHHHHHH MYY GODDDDD ADVENTURE TIME ! !	0
Canada Day weekendI know it was a while ago , but I had fun in the a name= '' cutid1 '' a http : /hotobucket.com '' target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' width= '' 400 '' alt= '' Photobucket - Video and Image Hosting '' a http : /hotobucket.com '' target= '' _blank '' border= '' 0 '' width= '' 400 '' alt= '' Photobucket - Video and Image Hosting '' YEAH THAT 'S A MOTHERFUCKIN ' CASTLE IN THE BACKGROUND ! a name='cutid1-end'Maybe a post about my vacation ? It was pretty boring , it wo n't be a great entry.Much like this is n't a great entry !	0
HA ! I feel like I 've been wasting my time lately , even though I 'm really really busy .	0
Make sense ?	0
It might be alright .	0
It really depends on who you go with , sweetie.AND SERIOUSLY , COME VISIT ME.How do you feel about patio drinking , BECAUSE I FEEL GREAT ABOUT ITTTTT	0
I work junk and foibles fridays and saturday and I 'm usually off around 5 or 7 !	0
when do you work ? i LOVE patio drinking.we should hang out some morning when we both dont work , and get drunk at 9am , walk around , sober up by suppertime.it would be great .	0
Are you sure that would be great ?	0
! I dont knowwwww ... .I work Junk fridays and saturdays usually getting off somewhere between 5 and 7.422 7985call me at work one of those days if you 'll be in town !	0
well i could visit tomorrow night probably ... ! ! ! ! !	0
! do you have plans RIGHT after work tomorrow ?	0
I DO ! I have to go home and feed my dogs and then Alexis is doing hair for a fashion show for Pride , DO you want to come ? ? !	0
I 'm not dirnking but it will still be funny !	0
Ben is coming too ! Lets do patio dirnk next week !	0
no i think im going out somewhere ... .maybe tribeca or THE DURTY DOME hahahasomewhere for a lame dance party.what time is the fashion show over ? if its early you should meet up with us if youre feeeeelin it gurl .	0
I totally wo n't I have negetive 237846 dollars.But next week .	0
patio drinks .	0
yes its a date baby.ill chat with you about it L8R then ! lylas ! xoxo	0
OH GOD !	0
I love your SHIRT ! ! !	0
Would killlllll for - not really .	0
i really like that tank top.and that badass attitude .	0
JUNK AND FOIBLEZZZ ! ! ! !	0
hahaha ! !	0
YESSSS ! !	0
A CASTLE ! !	0
! urghhhh I LOOOOOOVE the country ! !	0
ITS ALWAYS GOOD NO MATTER WHAT , BECAUSE IN THE COUNTRY THERE 'S ALWAYS CRAZY PEOPLE AND FREE BOOZE	1
Small world ...	0
I was just doing some random lj surfing and stumbled across yours.That castle is near where I spent my `` formative '' years , i.e .	0
8 to 18 .	0
Were you at the Dunsworth 's annual Canada Day party , by chance ?	0
Woahhhhhh Yeah , that 's where I was !	0
That 's crazy ! One time I posted a photo on my livejournal that I really like by a fine arts student in England that I found randomly , and THAT DAY she emailed me and thanked me for the praise ... .It IS a small world !	0
I now realize that I got a plastic bag from you at Junk and Foibles the other week when my sunblock leaked in my bag .	0
Is it okay if I add you ?	0
I REMEMBER YOU ! Yeah !	0
Add me ! Say Hello next time you 're in Junk !	0
ps wan na take a spur of the moment trip to montreal in 2 weeks to see gravy train ! !	0
! haha	0
I 'd fucking love to , but I 've already half-commited myself to a spur of the moment trip to NEWFOUNDLAND .	0
WTFAre you going ? !	0
That 's crazy .	0
I 'm jealous .	0
no im not going.but if someone wanted to , id be up for it.i love spur of the moment .	0
Really ?	0
you know what i love ? Having conversations on eljay , when we 're both on MSN !	0
HAHA !	0
me too so goodso whats been up with you lately gurl ?	0
tell me about ur lyfe.lollercaust !	0
HAHAHAHAH LOLLERCAUSTClassic.I 'm good .	0
I am back to working everyday ... .I want to dance more than I have been.How have you been ?	0
I want to visit you at work more often .	0
I wish I worked more , I 'm going to try and pick up some shifts.I 'VE BEEN GREAT HUNNNNNNNN ! I want to go out tomorrow night so I think I will.Is tribeca supposed to be good tomorrow ?	0
or no ? i dont know these things.VISIT ME MORE OFTEN IT MAKES ME SMILEi want to visit you at work sometime when youre off work in the afternoon then go get drunk at a trashy bar .	1
oh my god you guys can we talk about that episode of criminal minds ? REEEEEEEID ! also a cutid1JONATHAN FRAKES !	0
ALL GREY !	0
WHAT .	0
THAT IS NOT RIKER 'S MAHOGANY MANBEARD .	0
but whatevs , i still love you frakes bba name='cutid1-end '	0
dammit there was an episode on last night ? ?	0
I have no idea what 's going on anymore in the world of television , I am so lost .	1
: ( : (	0
cough a	0
Thank you !	0
img cutid1img love her outfits so much.img gorgeous New Year 's Eve concert outfitimg as Lady Gaga ( with a Gaga backup dancer ) during the Poker Face coverimg poster is so beautiful.img ring ! img Stockings !	0
SHOES ! img made a guest appearance during the New Year 's Eve show to play a solo on chainsaw.img chinhanding and cuddles ! img beach yoga with Neil 's dog Cabalimg at midnight.Congratulations , Amanda and Neil !	0
andlt ; 333333a name='cutid1-end '	0
How are they so cute together ?	0
andhearts ; ____andhearts ;	0
This ?	0
is adorable .	0
That last picture is killing me !	1
They 're too sweet .	0
andhearts ;	0
andlt ; 333333333	0
that picture , with her in that dress and him with the chainsaw - that 's the one were i go THESE PEOPLE ARE HAPPY TOGETHER : DDDDDD	0
THEY ARE SO HAPPY AND THEY iMAKE GOOD THINGS AND SHARE THEM/i	0
Is it cool if I link to this ?	0
Because their love is the purest and most beautiful .	0
*_______*	0
SPREAD THE LOVE .	0
andhearts ; ______andhearts ;	0
Can I have a Norwegian Fjord Horse ?	0
*flutter eyes*iGo go browsing Wikipedia during slow work days ! /i	0
They 're so adorable with their mohawks , right ?	0
I 've always loved them andlt ; 3 huge bellies and mohawks .	1
Awww those are so cutey .	0
Perfect for wisconsin !	0
Definitely suited to the climate .	0
Urgh .	0
I woke up with a bit of a sore throat , and now I 'm suddenly feeling woozy and ill here at work .	0
This is what happens when your virtual character makes out with virtual aliens.WAS IT WORTH IT ?	0
? X ) Srsly tho , feel better .	0
andlt ; 3	0
D : WoW has sadly gotten in the way of my ME2 play .	0
I 've only just gotten Garrus last night .	0
This weekend is a weekend of OBESSIVE PLAY .	1
yes yes	0
Obsessive looking-at-the-wiki more like ; pHope you feel better .	0
: ( You promised tacos !	0
I do n't want to have to call that off just because you 're sick !	0
D : *flaps*	0
Also : cupcaekether makes me glow with joy .	0
everything is awesome because my ua newtotoro blanket/u has arrived !  tonari no to-to-ro ,  to-to-ro , to-to-ro , to-to-ro ,  moshimo aeta nara ,  sutekina shiawase ga ,  anata ni kuru wa !	1
It looks amazing .	0
Now , if only they sold umbrellas .	0
Just out of curiosity , for LJ-cut in bthis entry/b ( did you use traditional , or simplified Chinese , or Japanese , and what , in English , does it mean ?	0
size=3bPIGGIE BENTO LUNCH BOX !	0
! /b/font	0
DUDE , YOU HAVE FANS IN AUSTRALIA ! I found this guy doing a random google search for simt.com .	0
These paragraphs were taken from his myspace ( myspace.com/kapowmotherfuckers ) .In his about me : jesse perez , aka www.sugarinmytea.com which is no longer up has been one of my major influences over the past few years , the gritty truth that her pictures convey and the many ways she has experimented with her work , always intrigued me and i have been taking from her work to improve my own work.In his who i 'd like to meet : jesse perez-truly an inspiration , if anyone knows where her works are featured on the net now , it would be a wonderful help if you could tell me .	0
amazing gritty style and complete disregard to what other people think of it .	0
Oh , and in his heroes : my brother , nik , for introducing me to the work of jesse perez .	0
We killed Lich King .	0
This is all nice and stuff ... but ... Well I just asked myself , dou you still do art of some kind between all this WoW ?	0
*grin*	0
I actually told my guild that I would be going down to a casual player after we killed LK .	1
I realized that I am devoting too much time to things that do n't matter .	0
in WOW i presume ?	0
*edit*I wonder if his death in WOW will become ... hmm.. part of the warcraft story.I really would have loved to kill that fucker of Arthas now the Lich King.span class='ljedittime'emEdited at 2010-03-11 02:42 am UTC/em/span	0
Oh , it is .	0
:3 But , according to the storyline in the expansion right now , there must be *a* lich king .	0
The undead would overrun Azeroth otherwise without a leader ! After you kill Arthas , there 's this long RP/cinematic where Bolvar Fordragon , whom Arthas had captured and tortured , took up the helm and sword and became the new Lich King so that Azeroth would n't go cablooey.It was a very epic and fun ending !	0
I wonder.. who is this bolvar fordragon ? a elf ?	0
human ? gnome ?	0
etc.. ?	0
A human paladin .	0
:3 He was one of the two who led the assault on the Wrath Gate ( Draenosh being the Horde rep ; he was turned into a death knight ) .	0
I wonder how long until the lich king devours Bolvar 's sanity just like Arthas lost his to frostbourne 's power to end becoming a death knight	0
Dunno !	0
We 'll certainly see .	0
:3 Next expansion is dedicated to Deathwing .	0
^____^	0
gratz ! ! !	0
It took us about a month .	0
He really does make good on his promises !	1
Day three in office , and the Global Gag Rule ( A.K.A a Mexico City Policy ) is a was holding my breath , hoping it would n't be left forgotten , or on a list of things for him to get to later .	0
He did n't wait .	0
He can see the danger and risk in this policy , and the damage it has caused to women and families .	0
I love that man !	1
I was going to filter this , but I wo n't be silenced either .	0
I 'm a health care professional , and this is what I do .	0
I literally shrieked 'HELL YES ! '	0
in my car when I heard .	0
: D : D : D	0
Yeah , me too !	0
He is SO AWESOME !	0
Right down to business , no ifs , ands , or buts !	0
It 's amazing to see him so iserious/i too !	0
This is one tough , no-nonsense man ! ( Jon Stewart called the look he gave Biden over the Justice Roberts memory joke , his Shut The Fuck Up face . )	1
My icon says it all : )	0
And I 'm jealous of you with that President !	0
We tried to overthrow our Prime Minister , but he went crying to the Governor General .	0
img http : /hotos-b.ak.facebook.comhotos-ak-sf2p/v159/59/106/677095102/n677095102_1711629_3695.jpg	0
Soo rad ! illustration-y tattoos are so much better than stylized ones.And that cephalopod you posted is the cutest thing ever .	0
I know ! it 's called the Striped-Pajama Squid ( Sepioloidea Lineolata )	0
wow .	0
I was reading your party invitation and just realized how close you live to me - we 're practically neighbors ! I 'm at 6th and Fraser	1
Thats true , nine blocks if I 'm correct ? Are you going to come ?	0
If you brought Nesta he would n't even have to dress up !	0
To properly celebrate this birthday , I need an eleventy-one year old hobbit to make me his heir and throw us a joint party under a big tree .	0
Then he needs to give me a Ring of Power for my birthday present .	0
That 's right , folks .	0
In hobbit terms I 'm just leaving the tweens .	0
( Tolkein had that word first before modern society snagged it .	0
) John 's taking me to the Pot of Fromageness tonight .	0
Ooh !	0
I love the melting pot !	0
You lucky girl ! ! !	0
Happy Birthday ( on the correct day ha ha ) !	0
Danke schoen .	0
Bitte sehr !	0
Happy Decade Accumulation Day !	0
May you find much to enjoy in the new one .	0
Actually , I already accumulated the decade .	1
( And another third of one ! )	0
I 'm actually turning 33 , the coming of age for hobbits .	0
Grats on another year ; )	0
Thanks !	0
Happy Bithday ! ! ! ! ! !	0
a cutid1img border=3 # 000000or should i say UDDERLY oh ha ha ha.a name='cutid1-end'/	0
hehe : ) i like this picturewell done !	0
Oh geez , I love Jessi-doodles .	0
seriously .	0
i have n't done a whole lot of serious work lately , but i do a lot of really bizarre stuff like this because my mother asks me to do illustrations for school stuff ... COW PLOW !	0
meh !	0
the cow is so cute !	1
i like that he 's chewing on hay .	0
i would like to see you too.are you free sunday ?	0
i have to work saturday .	0
jessi ? did you have a birtday ?	0
how was it ?	0
how are you ?	0
a title= '' Photo Sharing '' width= '' 782 '' height= '' 1128 '' alt= '' copwork '' /	0
Oh yeah .	0
I remember this project .	0
I did the snow bridge .	0
I 'm glad you chose this one .	1
The clothing district was probably the most challenging out of all of them .	0
And yet , the one that seemed the most fun .	0
wow those fire escapes are great , I ca n't even imagine how long those took to draw .	1
The figures are pretty static , I think I would like to see them interact with this very rich environment more than they are .	1
also those arcs on the windows are a great oppurtunity to whip out the french curve to get consistantly smooth lines for those arcs .	0
I do n't know if you did this on purpose but you definetely followed frank miller 's `` draw 7 bricks and they will get the idea '' theory .	0
Keep up the great work man .	0
I believe you mean iWill Eisner's/i `` draw 7 bricks '' theory .	0
are n't they the same person ?	0
Nice architecture !	0
You need to push the fire escapes out a little more and your figures need a bit of work , but that 's better than I could do my freshman year.I recommend looking at Will Eisner 's New York stuff on how to draw street scenes , fire escapes , alleys , and so forth .	0
Well , this is my sophomore year ... .	0
Shit , I should 've known that !	0
God damn .	0
I 'm going to be a senior this fall .	0
*cry*	0
btw What class was this for ?	0
Drawing for Sequential with Tom Lyle .	0
I picked the clothing district ( ? )	0
in New York for the photo .	0
I was talking to Melanie about how yours and mine could almost be sequential .	0
I think this might be the first sequence of comic panels I 've ever finished that I was proud of .	0
Now that I 've scanned it , I think I want to go in and add more blacks so its more obviously night .	0
I was struggling with where to place them before to make it look good , but maybe just the sidewalk could be blacker ?	0
I dunno.Please comment !	0
I suck , but I still need someone to tell me why !	0
Do n't you want to be that person ?	0
I 've already lettered the next tier and decided to go use the smaller nib I have .	0
I think it looks a lot better , but we 'll see once I 've stepped away from it long enough to get a new perspective.I also think I 'm going to go back and add more spot blacks on the sidewalk ... part of my challenge to myself with this is to get better at spotting blacks ( I 'm terrible at it ) , so I 'm trying to suggest light and form as much with straight black and white as I can , at least at first .	0
However ... I reserve the right to go back and use your advice !	0
Should n't it be O'BRIAN 'S ? ! ? ! ? ! ...	0
Not if I named it after a friend ! Unless you 're making a reference that went over my head .	0
Nope , no reference.I guess my complaint , then , is that your friend 's ancestors could n't spell .	0
At least it 's not O'Bryan 's ...	0
Whatareyatalking about ? ?	0
Those panels look GREAT !	0
if it 's night then should n't there be light coming from the inside of the buildings ?	0
also things should definitely be darker and there should n't be so much detail in the street , if it 's dark out then you should n't be able to see all of the stuff you are drawing .	1
I think the first panel could be done more simplistically and effectively .	0
I think you need to just loosen up and go with more instinct , it really feels like you are second guessing yourself a lot in these panels .	1
Loosen up Matt I have faith in you !	0
Are the people 's cast shadows new ?	0
I do n't remember them before .	0
Anyway , they are looking a little weird to me , especially the guy who is lying down .	1
And I disagree with Sean that you need light coming from the windows , because if it is that late most lights would be turned off , and places like the bar would have really dingy lighting anyway .	1
Also , you are a cutie .	0
I would use the streetlights as a lightsource and maybe do some hatching or halftone to create a gray effect on the sidewalk ... and I think the lettering is a little too thick , other than that great start !	0
ul class=loudtwitterliem08:44/em Alright , enough 's enough , goodbye Buzz account ; P a liem11:47/em @ a I 'll add a usericon once they add longer posts !	0
a liem15:49/em @ a The thought of keeping up with their canon , let alone everything involved in keeping CURRENT , both excites and intimidates me ... a shipped by a	0
err , in my LJ , not my email..	0
Ah , well , it was a strange and odd experiment , regardless XD	0
With every mistake learned from , I am theoretically one step closer to perfection : D ( At this rate I should be there in no time . )	0
OMG are you serious ?	0
If I want to read your tweets then I will go to Twitter .	0
Especially if majority of tweets are replies to others .	0
It was n't supposed to post replies to other people !	0
I should n't have set I to run while I was asleep.. I only wanted it to catalog things from other people that I 'd retweeted , but it looks like it does n't do that anyway , so this has been a failiure all around .	1
Please , please do n't do this ; ) Your LJ 's great , do n't mess it up with half-conversation fragments !	1
I thought I disabled posting replies !	0
And in retrospect , I think I 've learned a lesson about configuring something to run when you are n't around to proofread the result .	0
I 'm paranoid about that - I always have to look at the first produced result before trusting it to just run on its own : )	1
I generally proofread everything I do , so in retrospect I 'm not sure what I was thinking .	1
Needs some working out , like hiding @ replies .	0
I also think it might be possible to use lj-cut code to also hide it from people who are n't fans of seeing Tweets in your LJ .	0
See previous two replies ; P I thought I already shut down the @ replies ... and , seeing as how the entire reason I started this was to print my RTs in my email , and they apparently do n't show up , I 've disabled the whole thing .	0
